# Minecraft Resource Pack Textures Conversion Tables
Minecraft resource pack textures conversion tables between Java & Bedrock Edition

**Minecraft Version**: `1.18.1`

## Sections
- [Direct Equivalents](#direct-equivalents)
- [Unhandled](#unhandled)

## Direct Equivalents
Java Edition | Bedrock Edition
:---|:---
assets\minecraft\textures\block\acacia_door_bottom.png | textures\blocks\door_acacia_lower.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\acacia_door_top.png | textures\blocks\door_acacia_upper.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\acacia_log.png | textures\blocks\log_acacia.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\acacia_log_top.png | textures\blocks\log_acacia_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\acacia_planks.png | textures\blocks\planks_acacia.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\acacia_sapling.png | textures\blocks\sapling_acacia.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\acacia_trapdoor.png | textures\blocks\acacia_trapdoor.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\activator_rail.png | textures\blocks\rail_activator.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\activator_rail_on.png | textures\blocks\rail_activator_powered.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\allium.png | textures\blocks\flower_allium.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\amethyst_block.png | textures\blocks\amethyst_block.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\amethyst_cluster.png | textures\blocks\amethyst_cluster.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\ancient_debris_side.png | textures\blocks\ancient_debris_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\ancient_debris_top.png | textures\blocks\ancient_debris_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\andesite.png | textures\blocks\stone_andesite.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\anvil.png | textures\blocks\anvil_base.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\anvil_top.png | textures\blocks\anvil_top_damaged_0.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\attached_melon_stem.png | textures\blocks\melon_stem_connected.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\attached_pumpkin_stem.png | textures\blocks\pumpkin_stem_connected.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\azalea_leaves.png | textures\blocks\azalea_leaves.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\azalea_plant.png | textures\blocks\azalea_plant.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\azalea_side.png | textures\blocks\azalea_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\azalea_top.png | textures\blocks\azalea_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\azure_bluet.png | textures\blocks\flower_houstonia.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\bamboo_singleleaf.png | textures\blocks\bamboo_singleleaf.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\bamboo_stage0.png | textures\blocks\bamboo_sapling.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\bamboo_stalk.png | textures\blocks\bamboo_stem.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\barrel_side.png | textures\blocks\barrel_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\barrel_top.png | textures\blocks\barrel_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\barrel_top_open.png | textures\blocks\barrel_top_open.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\basalt_side.png | textures\blocks\basalt_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\basalt_top.png | textures\blocks\basalt_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\beacon.png | textures\blocks\beacon.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\bedrock.png | textures\blocks\bedrock.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\bee_nest_bottom.png | textures\blocks\bee_nest_bottom.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\bee_nest_front.png | textures\blocks\bee_nest_front.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\bee_nest_front_honey.png | textures\blocks\bee_nest_front_honey.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\bee_nest_side.png | textures\blocks\bee_nest_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\bee_nest_top.png | textures\blocks\bee_nest_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\beehive_side.png | textures\blocks\beehive_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\beetroots_stage0.png | textures\blocks\beetroots_stage_0.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\beetroots_stage1.png | textures\blocks\beetroots_stage_1.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\beetroots_stage2.png | textures\blocks\beetroots_stage_2.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\beetroots_stage3.png | textures\blocks\beetroots_stage_3.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\big_dripleaf_side.png | textures\blocks\big_dripleaf_side1.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\big_dripleaf_stem.png | textures\blocks\big_dripleaf_stem.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\big_dripleaf_tip.png | textures\blocks\big_dripleaf_side2.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\big_dripleaf_top.png | textures\blocks\big_dripleaf_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\birch_door_bottom.png | textures\blocks\door_birch_lower.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\birch_door_top.png | textures\blocks\door_birch_upper.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\birch_log.png | textures\blocks\log_birch.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\birch_log_top.png | textures\blocks\log_birch_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\birch_planks.png | textures\blocks\planks_birch.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\birch_sapling.png | textures\blocks\sapling_birch.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\birch_trapdoor.png | textures\blocks\birch_trapdoor.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\black_candle.png | textures\blocks\candles\black_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\black_candle_lit.png | textures\blocks\candles\black_candle_lit.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\black_concrete.png | textures\blocks\concrete_black.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\black_concrete_powder.png | textures\blocks\concrete_powder_black.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\black_glazed_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\glazed_terracotta_black.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\black_shulker_box.png | textures\blocks\shulker_top_black.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\black_stained_glass.png | textures\blocks\glass_black.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\black_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\hardened_clay_stained_black.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\black_wool.png | textures\blocks\wool_colored_black.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\blackstone.png | textures\blocks\blackstone.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\blackstone_top.png | textures\blocks\blackstone_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\blast_furnace_front.png | textures\blocks\blast_furnace_front_off.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\blast_furnace_front_on.png | textures\blocks\blast_furnace_front_on.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\blast_furnace_side.png | textures\blocks\blast_furnace_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\blast_furnace_top.png | textures\blocks\blast_furnace_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\blue_candle.png | textures\blocks\candles\blue_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\blue_candle_lit.png | textures\blocks\candles\blue_candle_lit.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\blue_concrete.png | textures\blocks\concrete_blue.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\blue_concrete_powder.png | textures\blocks\concrete_powder_blue.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\blue_glazed_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\glazed_terracotta_blue.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\blue_ice.png | textures\blocks\blue_ice.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\blue_orchid.png | textures\blocks\flower_blue_orchid.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\blue_shulker_box.png | textures\blocks\shulker_top_blue.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\blue_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\hardened_clay_stained_blue.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\blue_wool.png | textures\blocks\wool_colored_blue.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\bone_block_side.png | textures\blocks\bone_block_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\bone_block_top.png | textures\blocks\bone_block_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\bookshelf.png | textures\blocks\bookshelf.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\brain_coral.png | textures\blocks\coral_plant_pink.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\brain_coral_block.png | textures\blocks\coral_pink.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\brain_coral_fan.png | textures\blocks\coral_fan_pink.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\brewing_stand.png | textures\blocks\brewing_stand.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\brewing_stand_base.png | textures\blocks\brewing_stand_base.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\bricks.png | textures\blocks\brick.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\brown_candle.png | textures\blocks\candles\brown_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\brown_candle_lit.png | textures\blocks\candles\brown_candle_lit.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\brown_concrete.png | textures\blocks\concrete_brown.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\brown_concrete_powder.png | textures\blocks\concrete_powder_brown.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\brown_glazed_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\glazed_terracotta_brown.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\brown_mushroom.png | textures\blocks\mushroom_brown.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\brown_mushroom_block.png | textures\blocks\mushroom_block_skin_brown.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\brown_shulker_box.png | textures\blocks\shulker_top_brown.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\brown_stained_glass.png | textures\blocks\glass_brown.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\brown_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\hardened_clay_stained_brown.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\brown_wool.png | textures\blocks\wool_colored_brown.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\bubble_coral.png | textures\blocks\coral_plant_purple.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\bubble_coral_fan.png | textures\blocks\coral_fan_purple.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\budding_amethyst.png | textures\blocks\budding_amethyst.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cake_bottom.png | textures\blocks\cake_bottom.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cake_inner.png | textures\blocks\cake_inner.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cake_side.png | textures\blocks\cake_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cake_top.png | textures\blocks\cake_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\calcite.png | textures\blocks\calcite.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\campfire_fire.png | textures\blocks\campfire.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\campfire_log.png | textures\blocks\campfire_log.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\campfire_log_lit.png | textures\blocks\campfire_log_lit.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\candle.png | textures\blocks\candles\candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\candle_lit.png | textures\blocks\candles\candle_lit.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\carrots_stage0.png | textures\blocks\carrots_stage_0.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\carrots_stage1.png | textures\blocks\carrots_stage_1.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\carrots_stage2.png | textures\blocks\carrots_stage_2.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\carved_pumpkin.png | textures\blocks\pumpkin_face_off.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cauldron_bottom.png | textures\blocks\cauldron_bottom.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cauldron_inner.png | textures\blocks\cauldron_inner.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cauldron_side.png | textures\blocks\cauldron_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cauldron_top.png | textures\blocks\cauldron_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cave_vines.png | textures\blocks\cave_vines_head.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cave_vines_lit.png | textures\blocks\cave_vines_head_berries.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\chain_command_block_back.png | textures\blocks\chain_command_block_back.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\chain_command_block_conditional.png | textures\blocks\chain_command_block_conditional.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\chain_command_block_front.png | textures\blocks\chain_command_block_front.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\chain_command_block_side.png | textures\blocks\chain_command_block_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\chipped_anvil_top.png | textures\blocks\anvil_top_damaged_1.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\chiseled_deepslate.png | textures\blocks\deepslate\chiseled_deepslate.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\chiseled_nether_bricks.png | textures\blocks\chiseled_nether_bricks.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\chiseled_polished_blackstone.png | textures\blocks\chiseled_polished_blackstone.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\chiseled_quartz_block.png | textures\blocks\quartz_block_chiseled.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\chiseled_quartz_block_top.png | textures\blocks\quartz_block_chiseled_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\chiseled_red_sandstone.png | textures\blocks\red_sandstone_carved.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\chiseled_sandstone.png | textures\blocks\sandstone_carved.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\chiseled_stone_bricks.png | textures\blocks\stonebrick_carved.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\chorus_flower.png | textures\blocks\chorus_flower.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\chorus_flower_dead.png | textures\blocks\chorus_flower_dead.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\chorus_plant.png | textures\blocks\chorus_plant.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\clay.png | textures\blocks\clay.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\coal_block.png | textures\blocks\coal_block.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\coal_ore.png | textures\blocks\coal_ore.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\coarse_dirt.png | textures\blocks\coarse_dirt.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cobbled_deepslate.png | textures\blocks\deepslate\cobbled_deepslate.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cobblestone.png | textures\blocks\cobblestone.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cobweb.png | textures\blocks\web.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cocoa_stage2.png | textures\blocks\cocoa_stage_2.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\command_block_back.png | textures\blocks\command_block_back.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\command_block_conditional.png | textures\blocks\command_block_conditional.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\command_block_front.png | textures\blocks\command_block_front.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\command_block_side.png | textures\blocks\command_block_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\comparator.png | textures\blocks\comparator_off.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\composter_bottom.png | textures\blocks\composter_bottom.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\composter_side.png | textures\blocks\composter_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\copper_block.png | textures\blocks\copper_block.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\copper_ore.png | textures\blocks\copper_ore.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cornflower.png | textures\blocks\flower_cornflower.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cracked_deepslate_bricks.png | textures\blocks\deepslate\cracked_deepslate_bricks.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cracked_deepslate_tiles.png | textures\blocks\deepslate\cracked_deepslate_tiles.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cracked_nether_bricks.png | textures\blocks\cracked_nether_bricks.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cracked_polished_blackstone_bricks.png | textures\blocks\cracked_polished_blackstone_bricks.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cracked_stone_bricks.png | textures\blocks\stonebrick_cracked.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\crafting_table_front.png | textures\blocks\crafting_table_front.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\crafting_table_side.png | textures\blocks\crafting_table_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\crafting_table_top.png | textures\blocks\crafting_table_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\crimson_door_bottom.png | textures\blocks\huge_fungus\crimson_door_lower.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\crimson_door_top.png | textures\blocks\huge_fungus\crimson_door_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\crimson_fungus.png | textures\blocks\crimson_fungus.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\crimson_nylium.png | textures\blocks\crimson_nylium_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\crimson_nylium_side.png | textures\blocks\crimson_nylium_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\crimson_planks.png | textures\blocks\huge_fungus\crimson_planks.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\crimson_roots.png | textures\blocks\crimson_roots.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\crimson_roots_pot.png | textures\blocks\crimson_roots_pot.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\crimson_stem.png | textures\blocks\huge_fungus\crimson_log_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\crimson_stem_top.png | textures\blocks\huge_fungus\crimson_log_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\crimson_trapdoor.png | textures\blocks\huge_fungus\crimson_trapdoor.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\crying_obsidian.png | textures\blocks\crying_obsidian.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cut_copper.png | textures\blocks\cut_copper.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cut_red_sandstone.png | textures\blocks\red_sandstone_smooth.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cut_sandstone.png | textures\blocks\sandstone_smooth.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cyan_candle.png | textures\blocks\candles\cyan_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cyan_candle_lit.png | textures\blocks\candles\cyan_candle_lit.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cyan_concrete.png | textures\blocks\concrete_cyan.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cyan_concrete_powder.png | textures\blocks\concrete_powder_cyan.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cyan_glazed_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\glazed_terracotta_cyan.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cyan_shulker_box.png | textures\blocks\shulker_top_cyan.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cyan_stained_glass.png | textures\blocks\glass_cyan.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cyan_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\hardened_clay_stained_cyan.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cyan_wool.png | textures\blocks\wool_colored_cyan.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\damaged_anvil_top.png | textures\blocks\anvil_top_damaged_2.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dandelion.png | textures\blocks\flower_dandelion.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dark_oak_door_bottom.png | textures\blocks\door_dark_oak_lower.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dark_oak_door_top.png | textures\blocks\door_dark_oak_upper.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dark_oak_log.png | textures\blocks\log_big_oak.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dark_oak_planks.png | textures\blocks\planks_big_oak.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dark_oak_sapling.png | textures\blocks\sapling_roofed_oak.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dark_oak_trapdoor.png | textures\blocks\dark_oak_trapdoor.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dark_prismarine.png | textures\blocks\prismarine_dark.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\daylight_detector_inverted_top.png | textures\blocks\daylight_detector_inverted_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\daylight_detector_side.png | textures\blocks\daylight_detector_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\daylight_detector_top.png | textures\blocks\daylight_detector_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dead_brain_coral.png | textures\blocks\coral_plant_pink_dead.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dead_brain_coral_block.png | textures\blocks\coral_pink_dead.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dead_brain_coral_fan.png | textures\blocks\coral_fan_pink_dead.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dead_bubble_coral.png | textures\blocks\coral_plant_purple_dead.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dead_bubble_coral_block.png | textures\blocks\coral_purple_dead.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dead_bubble_coral_fan.png | textures\blocks\coral_fan_purple_dead.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dead_bush.png | textures\blocks\deadbush.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dead_fire_coral.png | textures\blocks\coral_plant_red_dead.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dead_fire_coral_block.png | textures\blocks\coral_red_dead.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dead_fire_coral_fan.png | textures\blocks\coral_fan_red_dead.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dead_horn_coral.png | textures\blocks\coral_plant_yellow_dead.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dead_horn_coral_block.png | textures\blocks\coral_yellow_dead.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dead_horn_coral_fan.png | textures\blocks\coral_fan_yellow_dead.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dead_tube_coral.png | textures\blocks\coral_plant_blue_dead.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dead_tube_coral_block.png | textures\blocks\coral_blue_dead.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dead_tube_coral_fan.png | textures\blocks\coral_fan_blue_dead.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\deepslate.png | textures\blocks\deepslate\deepslate.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\deepslate_bricks.png | textures\blocks\deepslate\deepslate_bricks.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\deepslate_coal_ore.png | textures\blocks\deepslate\deepslate_coal_ore.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\deepslate_copper_ore.png | textures\blocks\deepslate\deepslate_copper_ore.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\deepslate_diamond_ore.png | textures\blocks\deepslate\deepslate_diamond_ore.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\deepslate_emerald_ore.png | textures\blocks\deepslate\deepslate_emerald_ore.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\deepslate_gold_ore.png | textures\blocks\deepslate\deepslate_gold_ore.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\deepslate_iron_ore.png | textures\blocks\deepslate\deepslate_iron_ore.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\deepslate_lapis_ore.png | textures\blocks\deepslate\deepslate_lapis_ore.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\deepslate_redstone_ore.png | textures\blocks\deepslate\deepslate_redstone_ore.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\deepslate_tiles.png | textures\blocks\deepslate\deepslate_tiles.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\deepslate_top.png | textures\blocks\deepslate\deepslate_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\destroy_stage_0.png | textures\environment\destroy_stage_0.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\destroy_stage_1.png | textures\environment\destroy_stage_1.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\destroy_stage_2.png | textures\environment\destroy_stage_2.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\destroy_stage_3.png | textures\environment\destroy_stage_3.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\destroy_stage_4.png | textures\environment\destroy_stage_4.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\destroy_stage_5.png | textures\environment\destroy_stage_5.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\destroy_stage_6.png | textures\environment\destroy_stage_6.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\destroy_stage_7.png | textures\environment\destroy_stage_7.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\destroy_stage_8.png | textures\environment\destroy_stage_8.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\destroy_stage_9.png | textures\environment\destroy_stage_9.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\detector_rail.png | textures\blocks\rail_detector.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\detector_rail_on.png | textures\blocks\rail_detector_powered.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\diamond_block.png | textures\blocks\diamond_block.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\diamond_ore.png | textures\blocks\diamond_ore.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\diorite.png | textures\blocks\stone_diorite.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dirt.png | textures\blocks\dirt.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dirt_path_top.png | textures\blocks\grass_path_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dispenser_front.png | textures\blocks\dispenser_front_horizontal.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dispenser_front_vertical.png | textures\blocks\dispenser_front_vertical.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dragon_egg.png | textures\blocks\dragon_egg.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dried_kelp_side.png | textures\blocks\dried_kelp_side_a.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dried_kelp_top.png | textures\blocks\dried_kelp_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dripstone_block.png | textures\blocks\dripstone_block.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dropper_front.png | textures\blocks\dropper_front_horizontal.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dropper_front_vertical.png | textures\blocks\dropper_front_vertical.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\emerald_block.png | textures\blocks\emerald_block.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\emerald_ore.png | textures\blocks\emerald_ore.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\enchanting_table_bottom.png | textures\blocks\enchanting_table_bottom.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\enchanting_table_side.png | textures\blocks\enchanting_table_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\enchanting_table_top.png | textures\blocks\enchanting_table_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\end_portal_frame_eye.png | textures\blocks\endframe_eye.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\end_portal_frame_side.png | textures\blocks\endframe_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\end_portal_frame_top.png | textures\blocks\endframe_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\end_rod.png | textures\blocks\end_rod.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\end_stone.png | textures\blocks\end_stone.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\end_stone_bricks.png | textures\blocks\end_bricks.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\exposed_copper.png | textures\blocks\exposed_copper.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\exposed_cut_copper.png | textures\blocks\exposed_cut_copper.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\farmland.png | textures\blocks\farmland_dry.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\farmland_moist.png | textures\blocks\farmland_wet.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\fire_0.png | textures\blocks\fire_0.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\fire_1.png | textures\blocks\fire_1.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\fire_coral.png | textures\blocks\coral_plant_red.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\fire_coral_fan.png | textures\blocks\coral_fan_red.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\fletching_table_front.png | textures\blocks\fletcher_table_side2.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\fletching_table_side.png | textures\blocks\fletcher_table_side1.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\fletching_table_top.png | textures\blocks\fletcher_table_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\flower_pot.png | textures\blocks\flower_pot.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\flowering_azalea_leaves.png | textures\blocks\azalea_leaves_flowers.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\flowering_azalea_side.png | textures\blocks\flowering_azalea_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\flowering_azalea_top.png | textures\blocks\flowering_azalea_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\frosted_ice_0.png | textures\blocks\frosted_ice_0.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\frosted_ice_1.png | textures\blocks\frosted_ice_1.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\frosted_ice_2.png | textures\blocks\frosted_ice_2.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\frosted_ice_3.png | textures\blocks\frosted_ice_3.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\furnace_front.png | textures\blocks\furnace_front_off.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\furnace_front_on.png | textures\blocks\furnace_front_on.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\furnace_side.png | textures\blocks\furnace_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\furnace_top.png | textures\blocks\furnace_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\gilded_blackstone.png | textures\blocks\gilded_blackstone.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\glass.png | textures\blocks\glass.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\glow_item_frame.png | textures\blocks\glow_item_frame.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\glow_lichen.png | textures\blocks\glow_lichen.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\glowstone.png | textures\blocks\glowstone.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\gold_block.png | textures\blocks\gold_block.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\gold_ore.png | textures\blocks\gold_ore.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\granite.png | textures\blocks\stone_granite.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\grass_block_side.png | textures\blocks\grass_side_carried.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\grass_block_snow.png | textures\blocks\grass_block_snow.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\grass_block_top.png | textures\blocks\grass_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\gravel.png | textures\blocks\gravel.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\gray_candle.png | textures\blocks\candles\gray_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\gray_candle_lit.png | textures\blocks\candles\gray_candle_lit.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\gray_concrete.png | textures\blocks\concrete_gray.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\gray_concrete_powder.png | textures\blocks\concrete_powder_gray.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\gray_glazed_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\glazed_terracotta_gray.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\gray_shulker_box.png | textures\blocks\shulker_top_gray.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\gray_stained_glass.png | textures\blocks\glass_gray.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\gray_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\hardened_clay_stained_gray.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\gray_wool.png | textures\blocks\wool_colored_gray.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\green_candle.png | textures\blocks\candles\green_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\green_candle_lit.png | textures\blocks\candles\green_candle_lit.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\green_concrete.png | textures\blocks\concrete_green.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\green_concrete_powder.png | textures\blocks\concrete_powder_green.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\green_glazed_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\glazed_terracotta_green.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\green_shulker_box.png | textures\blocks\shulker_top_green.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\green_stained_glass.png | textures\blocks\glass_green.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\green_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\hardened_clay_stained_green.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\green_wool.png | textures\blocks\wool_colored_green.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\hanging_roots.png | textures\blocks\hanging_roots.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\hay_block_side.png | textures\blocks\hay_block_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\hay_block_top.png | textures\blocks\hay_block_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\honey_block_bottom.png | textures\blocks\honey_bottom.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\honey_block_side.png | textures\blocks\honey_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\honey_block_top.png | textures\blocks\honey_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\honeycomb_block.png | textures\blocks\honeycomb.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\hopper_inside.png | textures\blocks\hopper_inside.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\hopper_outside.png | textures\blocks\hopper_outside.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\hopper_top.png | textures\blocks\hopper_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\horn_coral.png | textures\blocks\coral_plant_yellow.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\horn_coral_block.png | textures\blocks\coral_yellow.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\horn_coral_fan.png | textures\blocks\coral_fan_yellow.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\ice.png | textures\blocks\ice.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\iron_bars.png | textures\blocks\iron_bars.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\iron_block.png | textures\blocks\iron_block.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\iron_door_bottom.png | textures\blocks\door_iron_lower.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\iron_ore.png | textures\blocks\iron_ore.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\iron_trapdoor.png | textures\blocks\iron_trapdoor.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\item_frame.png | textures\blocks\itemframe_background.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\jack_o_lantern.png | textures\blocks\pumpkin_face_on.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\jigsaw_bottom.png | textures\blocks\jigsaw_back.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\jigsaw_lock.png | textures\blocks\jigsaw_lock.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\jigsaw_side.png | textures\blocks\jigsaw_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\jigsaw_top.png | textures\blocks\jigsaw_front.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\jukebox_side.png | textures\blocks\jukebox_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\jukebox_top.png | textures\blocks\jukebox_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\jungle_door_bottom.png | textures\blocks\door_jungle_lower.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\jungle_door_top.png | textures\blocks\door_jungle_upper.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\jungle_log.png | textures\blocks\log_jungle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\jungle_log_top.png | textures\blocks\log_jungle_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\jungle_planks.png | textures\blocks\planks_jungle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\jungle_sapling.png | textures\blocks\sapling_jungle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\jungle_trapdoor.png | textures\blocks\jungle_trapdoor.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\ladder.png | textures\blocks\ladder.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lantern.png | textures\blocks\lantern.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lapis_block.png | textures\blocks\lapis_block.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lapis_ore.png | textures\blocks\lapis_ore.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\large_amethyst_bud.png | textures\blocks\large_amethyst_bud.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\large_fern_bottom.png | textures\blocks\double_plant_fern_bottom.tga
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lava_flow.png | textures\blocks\lava_flow.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lava_still.png | textures\blocks\lava_still.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lectern_front.png | textures\blocks\lectern_front.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lectern_sides.png | textures\blocks\lectern_sides.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lectern_top.png | textures\blocks\lectern_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lever.png | textures\blocks\lever.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\light_blue_candle.png | textures\blocks\candles\light_blue_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\light_blue_candle_lit.png | textures\blocks\candles\light_blue_candle_lit.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\light_blue_concrete.png | textures\blocks\concrete_light_blue.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\light_blue_concrete_powder.png | textures\blocks\concrete_powder_light_blue.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\light_blue_glazed_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\glazed_terracotta_light_blue.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\light_blue_shulker_box.png | textures\blocks\shulker_top_light_blue.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\light_blue_stained_glass.png | textures\blocks\glass_light_blue.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\light_blue_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\hardened_clay_stained_light_blue.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\light_blue_wool.png | textures\blocks\wool_colored_light_blue.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\light_gray_candle.png | textures\blocks\candles\light_gray_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\light_gray_candle_lit.png | textures\blocks\candles\light_gray_candle_lit.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\light_gray_concrete.png | textures\blocks\concrete_silver.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\light_gray_concrete_powder.png | textures\blocks\concrete_powder_silver.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\light_gray_glazed_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\glazed_terracotta_silver.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\light_gray_shulker_box.png | textures\blocks\shulker_top_silver.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\light_gray_stained_glass.png | textures\blocks\glass_silver.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\light_gray_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\hardened_clay_stained_silver.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\light_gray_wool.png | textures\blocks\wool_colored_silver.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lightning_rod.png | textures\blocks\lightning_rod.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lightning_rod_on.png | textures\map\player_icon_background.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lily_of_the_valley.png | textures\blocks\flower_lily_of_the_valley.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lily_pad.png | textures\blocks\waterlily.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lime_candle.png | textures\blocks\candles\lime_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lime_candle_lit.png | textures\blocks\candles\lime_candle_lit.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lime_concrete.png | textures\blocks\concrete_lime.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lime_concrete_powder.png | textures\blocks\concrete_powder_lime.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lime_glazed_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\glazed_terracotta_lime.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lime_shulker_box.png | textures\blocks\shulker_top_lime.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lime_stained_glass.png | textures\blocks\glass_lime.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lime_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\hardened_clay_stained_lime.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lime_wool.png | textures\blocks\wool_colored_lime.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lodestone_side.png | textures\blocks\lodestone_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lodestone_top.png | textures\blocks\lodestone_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\loom_bottom.png | textures\blocks\loom_bottom.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\loom_front.png | textures\blocks\loom_front.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\loom_side.png | textures\blocks\loom_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\magenta_candle.png | textures\blocks\candles\magenta_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\magenta_candle_lit.png | textures\blocks\candles\magenta_candle_lit.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\magenta_concrete.png | textures\blocks\concrete_magenta.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\magenta_concrete_powder.png | textures\blocks\concrete_powder_magenta.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\magenta_glazed_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\glazed_terracotta_magenta.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\magenta_shulker_box.png | textures\blocks\shulker_top_magenta.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\magenta_stained_glass.png | textures\blocks\glass_magenta.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\magenta_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\hardened_clay_stained_magenta.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\magenta_wool.png | textures\blocks\wool_colored_magenta.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\magma.png | textures\blocks\magma.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\medium_amethyst_bud.png | textures\blocks\medium_amethyst_bud.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\melon_side.png | textures\blocks\melon_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\melon_stem.png | textures\blocks\melon_stem_disconnected.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\melon_top.png | textures\blocks\melon_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\moss_block.png | textures\blocks\moss_block.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\mossy_cobblestone.png | textures\blocks\cobblestone_mossy.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\mossy_stone_bricks.png | textures\blocks\stonebrick_mossy.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\mushroom_block_inside.png | textures\blocks\mushroom_block_inside.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\mushroom_stem.png | textures\blocks\mushroom_block_skin_stem.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\mycelium_side.png | textures\blocks\mycelium_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\mycelium_top.png | textures\blocks\mycelium_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\nether_bricks.png | textures\blocks\nether_brick.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\nether_gold_ore.png | textures\blocks\nether_gold_ore.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\nether_portal.png | textures\blocks\portal.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\nether_quartz_ore.png | textures\blocks\quartz_ore.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\nether_sprouts.png | textures\blocks\nether_sprouts.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\nether_wart_stage0.png | textures\blocks\nether_wart_stage_0.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\nether_wart_stage1.png | textures\blocks\nether_wart_stage_1.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\nether_wart_stage2.png | textures\blocks\nether_wart_stage_2.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\netherite_block.png | textures\blocks\netherite_block.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\netherrack.png | textures\blocks\netherrack.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\note_block.png | textures\blocks\noteblock.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\oak_door_bottom.png | textures\blocks\door_wood_lower.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\oak_log.png | textures\blocks\log_oak.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\oak_log_top.png | textures\blocks\log_oak_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\oak_planks.png | textures\blocks\planks_oak.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\oak_sapling.png | textures\blocks\sapling_oak.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\oak_trapdoor.png | textures\blocks\trapdoor.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\observer_back.png | textures\blocks\observer_back.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\observer_front.png | textures\blocks\observer_front.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\observer_side.png | textures\blocks\observer_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\observer_top.png | textures\blocks\observer_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\obsidian.png | textures\blocks\obsidian.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\orange_candle.png | textures\blocks\candles\orange_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\orange_candle_lit.png | textures\blocks\candles\orange_candle_lit.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\orange_concrete.png | textures\blocks\concrete_orange.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\orange_concrete_powder.png | textures\blocks\concrete_powder_orange.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\orange_glazed_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\glazed_terracotta_orange.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\orange_shulker_box.png | textures\blocks\shulker_top_orange.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\orange_stained_glass.png | textures\blocks\glass_orange.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\orange_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\hardened_clay_stained_orange.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\orange_tulip.png | textures\blocks\flower_tulip_orange.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\orange_wool.png | textures\blocks\wool_colored_orange.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\oxeye_daisy.png | textures\blocks\flower_oxeye_daisy.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\oxidized_copper.png | textures\blocks\oxidized_copper.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\oxidized_cut_copper.png | textures\blocks\oxidized_cut_copper.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\packed_ice.png | textures\blocks\ice_packed.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\peony_bottom.png | textures\blocks\double_plant_paeonia_bottom.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\peony_top.png | textures\blocks\double_plant_paeonia_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\pink_candle.png | textures\blocks\candles\pink_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\pink_candle_lit.png | textures\blocks\candles\pink_candle_lit.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\pink_concrete.png | textures\blocks\concrete_pink.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\pink_concrete_powder.png | textures\blocks\concrete_powder_pink.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\pink_glazed_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\glazed_terracotta_pink.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\pink_shulker_box.png | textures\blocks\shulker_top_pink.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\pink_stained_glass.png | textures\blocks\glass_pink.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\pink_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\hardened_clay_stained_pink.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\pink_tulip.png | textures\blocks\flower_tulip_pink.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\pink_wool.png | textures\blocks\wool_colored_pink.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\piston_bottom.png | textures\blocks\piston_bottom.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\piston_inner.png | textures\blocks\piston_inner.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\piston_side.png | textures\blocks\piston_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\piston_top.png | textures\blocks\piston_top_normal.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\piston_top_sticky.png | textures\blocks\piston_top_sticky.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\podzol_side.png | textures\blocks\dirt_podzol_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\podzol_top.png | textures\blocks\dirt_podzol_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\pointed_dripstone_down_base.png | textures\blocks\pointed_dripstone_down_base.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\pointed_dripstone_down_frustum.png | textures\blocks\pointed_dripstone_down_frustum.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\pointed_dripstone_down_middle.png | textures\blocks\pointed_dripstone_down_middle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\pointed_dripstone_down_tip.png | textures\blocks\pointed_dripstone_down_tip.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\pointed_dripstone_down_tip_merge.png | textures\blocks\pointed_dripstone_down_merge.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\pointed_dripstone_up_base.png | textures\blocks\pointed_dripstone_up_base.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\pointed_dripstone_up_frustum.png | textures\blocks\pointed_dripstone_up_frustum.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\pointed_dripstone_up_middle.png | textures\blocks\pointed_dripstone_up_middle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\pointed_dripstone_up_tip.png | textures\blocks\pointed_dripstone_up_tip.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\pointed_dripstone_up_tip_merge.png | textures\blocks\pointed_dripstone_up_merge.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\polished_andesite.png | textures\blocks\stone_andesite_smooth.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\polished_basalt_side.png | textures\blocks\polished_basalt_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\polished_basalt_top.png | textures\blocks\polished_basalt_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\polished_blackstone.png | textures\blocks\polished_blackstone.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\polished_blackstone_bricks.png | textures\blocks\polished_blackstone_bricks.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\polished_deepslate.png | textures\blocks\deepslate\polished_deepslate.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\polished_diorite.png | textures\blocks\stone_diorite_smooth.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\polished_granite.png | textures\blocks\stone_granite_smooth.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\poppy.png | textures\blocks\flower_rose.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\potatoes_stage0.png | textures\blocks\potatoes_stage_0.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\potatoes_stage1.png | textures\blocks\potatoes_stage_1.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\potatoes_stage2.png | textures\blocks\potatoes_stage_2.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\potatoes_stage3.png | textures\blocks\potatoes_stage_3.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\potted_azalea_bush_plant.png | textures\blocks\potted_azalea_bush_plant.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\potted_azalea_bush_top.png | textures\blocks\potted_azalea_bush_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\potted_flowering_azalea_bush_plant.png | textures\blocks\potted_flowering_azalea_bush_plant.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\potted_flowering_azalea_bush_top.png | textures\blocks\potted_flowering_azalea_bush_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\powder_snow.png | textures\blocks\powder_snow.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\powered_rail.png | textures\blocks\rail_golden.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\powered_rail_on.png | textures\blocks\rail_golden_powered.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\prismarine.png | textures\blocks\prismarine_rough.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\prismarine_bricks.png | textures\blocks\prismarine_bricks.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\pumpkin_side.png | textures\blocks\pumpkin_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\purple_candle.png | textures\blocks\candles\purple_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\purple_candle_lit.png | textures\blocks\candles\purple_candle_lit.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\purple_concrete.png | textures\blocks\concrete_purple.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\purple_concrete_powder.png | textures\blocks\concrete_powder_purple.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\purple_glazed_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\glazed_terracotta_purple.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\purple_shulker_box.png | textures\blocks\shulker_top_purple.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\purple_stained_glass.png | textures\blocks\glass_purple.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\purple_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\hardened_clay_stained_purple.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\purple_wool.png | textures\blocks\wool_colored_purple.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\purpur_block.png | textures\blocks\purpur_block.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\purpur_pillar.png | textures\blocks\purpur_pillar.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\purpur_pillar_top.png | textures\blocks\purpur_pillar_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\quartz_block_bottom.png | textures\blocks\quartz_block_bottom.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\quartz_block_side.png | textures\blocks\quartz_block_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\quartz_block_top.png | textures\blocks\quartz_block_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\quartz_bricks.png | textures\blocks\quartz_bricks.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\quartz_pillar.png | textures\blocks\quartz_block_lines.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\quartz_pillar_top.png | textures\blocks\quartz_block_lines_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\rail.png | textures\blocks\rail_normal.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\rail_corner.png | textures\blocks\rail_normal_turned.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\raw_copper_block.png | textures\blocks\raw_copper_block.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\raw_gold_block.png | textures\blocks\raw_gold_block.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\raw_iron_block.png | textures\blocks\raw_iron_block.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\red_candle.png | textures\blocks\candles\red_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\red_candle_lit.png | textures\blocks\candles\red_candle_lit.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\red_concrete.png | textures\blocks\concrete_red.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\red_concrete_powder.png | textures\blocks\concrete_powder_red.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\red_glazed_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\glazed_terracotta_red.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\red_mushroom.png | textures\blocks\mushroom_red.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\red_mushroom_block.png | textures\blocks\mushroom_block_skin_red.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\red_nether_bricks.png | textures\blocks\red_nether_brick.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\red_sand.png | textures\blocks\red_sand.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\red_sandstone.png | textures\blocks\red_sandstone_normal.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\red_sandstone_bottom.png | textures\blocks\red_sandstone_bottom.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\red_sandstone_top.png | textures\blocks\red_sandstone_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\red_shulker_box.png | textures\blocks\shulker_top_red.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\red_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\hardened_clay_stained_red.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\red_tulip.png | textures\blocks\flower_tulip_red.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\red_wool.png | textures\blocks\wool_colored_red.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\redstone_block.png | textures\blocks\redstone_block.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\redstone_dust_overlay.png | textures\entity\horse\horse_markings_none.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\redstone_lamp.png | textures\blocks\redstone_lamp_off.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\redstone_lamp_on.png | textures\blocks\redstone_lamp_on.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\redstone_ore.png | textures\blocks\redstone_ore.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\redstone_torch.png | textures\blocks\redstone_torch_on.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\redstone_torch_off.png | textures\blocks\redstone_torch_off.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\repeater.png | textures\blocks\repeater_off.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\repeater_on.png | textures\blocks\repeater_on.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\repeating_command_block_back.png | textures\blocks\repeating_command_block_back.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\repeating_command_block_conditional.png | textures\blocks\repeating_command_block_conditional.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\repeating_command_block_front.png | textures\blocks\repeating_command_block_front.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\repeating_command_block_side.png | textures\blocks\repeating_command_block_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\respawn_anchor_bottom.png | textures\blocks\respawn_anchor_bottom.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\respawn_anchor_side0.png | textures\blocks\respawn_anchor_side0.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\respawn_anchor_side1.png | textures\blocks\respawn_anchor_side1.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\respawn_anchor_side2.png | textures\blocks\respawn_anchor_side2.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\respawn_anchor_side3.png | textures\blocks\respawn_anchor_side3.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\respawn_anchor_side4.png | textures\blocks\respawn_anchor_side4.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\respawn_anchor_top.png | textures\blocks\respawn_anchor_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\respawn_anchor_top_off.png | textures\blocks\respawn_anchor_top_off.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\rooted_dirt.png | textures\blocks\dirt_with_roots.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\rose_bush_bottom.png | textures\blocks\double_plant_rose_bottom.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\rose_bush_top.png | textures\blocks\double_plant_rose_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\sand.png | textures\blocks\sand.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\sandstone.png | textures\blocks\sandstone_normal.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\sandstone_bottom.png | textures\blocks\sandstone_bottom.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\sandstone_top.png | textures\blocks\sandstone_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\sea_lantern.png | textures\blocks\sea_lantern.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\sea_pickle.png | textures\blocks\sea_pickle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\seagrass.png | textures\blocks\seagrass.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\shroomlight.png | textures\blocks\shroomlight.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\shulker_box.png | textures\blocks\shulker_top_undyed.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\slime_block.png | textures\blocks\slime.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\small_amethyst_bud.png | textures\blocks\small_amethyst_bud.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\small_dripleaf_side.png | textures\blocks\small_dripleaf_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\small_dripleaf_stem_bottom.png | textures\blocks\small_dripleaf_stem_bottom.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\small_dripleaf_stem_top.png | textures\blocks\small_dripleaf_stem_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\small_dripleaf_top.png | textures\blocks\small_dripleaf_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\smithing_table_bottom.png | textures\blocks\smithing_table_bottom.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\smithing_table_front.png | textures\blocks\smithing_table_front.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\smithing_table_side.png | textures\blocks\smithing_table_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\smithing_table_top.png | textures\blocks\smithing_table_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\smoker_bottom.png | textures\blocks\smoker_bottom.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\smoker_front.png | textures\blocks\smoker_front_off.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\smoker_front_on.png | textures\blocks\smoker_front_on.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\smoker_side.png | textures\blocks\smoker_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\smoker_top.png | textures\blocks\smoker_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\smooth_basalt.png | textures\blocks\smooth_basalt.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\smooth_stone.png | textures\blocks\stone_slab_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\smooth_stone_slab_side.png | textures\blocks\stone_slab_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\snow.png | textures\blocks\snow.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\soul_campfire_fire.png | textures\blocks\soul_campfire.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\soul_campfire_log_lit.png | textures\blocks\soul_campfire_log_lit.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\soul_fire_0.png | textures\blocks\soul_fire_0.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\soul_lantern.png | textures\blocks\soul_lantern.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\soul_sand.png | textures\blocks\soul_sand.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\soul_soil.png | textures\blocks\soul_soil.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\soul_torch.png | textures\blocks\soul_torch.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\spawner.png | textures\blocks\mob_spawner.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\sponge.png | textures\blocks\sponge.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\spore_blossom.png | textures\blocks\spore_blossom.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\spore_blossom_base.png | textures\blocks\spore_blossom_base.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\spruce_door_bottom.png | textures\blocks\door_spruce_lower.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\spruce_door_top.png | textures\blocks\door_spruce_upper.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\spruce_log.png | textures\blocks\log_spruce.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\spruce_log_top.png | textures\blocks\log_spruce_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\spruce_sapling.png | textures\blocks\sapling_spruce.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\spruce_trapdoor.png | textures\blocks\spruce_trapdoor.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\stone.png | textures\blocks\stone.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\stone_bricks.png | textures\blocks\stonebrick.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\stonecutter_bottom.png | textures\blocks\stonecutter2_bottom.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\stonecutter_side.png | textures\blocks\stonecutter2_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\stonecutter_top.png | textures\blocks\stonecutter2_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\stripped_acacia_log.png | textures\blocks\stripped_acacia_log.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\stripped_acacia_log_top.png | textures\blocks\stripped_acacia_log_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\stripped_birch_log.png | textures\blocks\stripped_birch_log.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\stripped_birch_log_top.png | textures\blocks\stripped_birch_log_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\stripped_crimson_stem.png | textures\blocks\huge_fungus\stripped_crimson_stem_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\stripped_crimson_stem_top.png | textures\blocks\huge_fungus\stripped_crimson_stem_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\stripped_dark_oak_log_top.png | textures\blocks\stripped_dark_oak_log_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\stripped_jungle_log.png | textures\blocks\stripped_jungle_log.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\stripped_jungle_log_top.png | textures\blocks\stripped_jungle_log_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\stripped_oak_log.png | textures\blocks\stripped_oak_log.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\stripped_oak_log_top.png | textures\blocks\stripped_oak_log_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\stripped_spruce_log_top.png | textures\blocks\stripped_spruce_log_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\stripped_warped_stem.png | textures\blocks\huge_fungus\stripped_warped_stem_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\stripped_warped_stem_top.png | textures\blocks\huge_fungus\stripped_warped_stem_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\structure_block.png | textures\blocks\structure_block.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\structure_block_corner.png | textures\blocks\structure_block_corner.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\structure_block_data.png | textures\blocks\structure_block_data.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\structure_block_load.png | textures\blocks\structure_block_load.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\structure_block_save.png | textures\blocks\structure_block_save.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\sunflower_back.png | textures\blocks\double_plant_sunflower_back.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\sunflower_bottom.png | textures\blocks\double_plant_sunflower_bottom.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\sunflower_front.png | textures\blocks\double_plant_sunflower_front.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\sunflower_top.png | textures\blocks\double_plant_sunflower_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\sweet_berry_bush_stage0.png | textures\blocks\sweet_berry_bush_stage0.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\sweet_berry_bush_stage1.png | textures\blocks\sweet_berry_bush_stage1.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\sweet_berry_bush_stage2.png | textures\blocks\sweet_berry_bush_stage2.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\sweet_berry_bush_stage3.png | textures\blocks\sweet_berry_bush_stage3.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\target_side.png | textures\blocks\target_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\target_top.png | textures\blocks\target_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\terracotta.png | textures\blocks\hardened_clay.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\tinted_glass.png | textures\blocks\tinted_glass.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\tnt_bottom.png | textures\blocks\tnt_bottom.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\tnt_side.png | textures\blocks\tnt_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\tnt_top.png | textures\blocks\tnt_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\torch.png | textures\blocks\torch_on.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\tripwire_hook.png | textures\blocks\trip_wire_source.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\tube_coral.png | textures\blocks\coral_plant_blue.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\tube_coral_block.png | textures\blocks\coral_blue.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\tube_coral_fan.png | textures\blocks\coral_fan_blue.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\tuff.png | textures\blocks\tuff.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\turtle_egg.png | textures\blocks\turtle_egg_not_cracked.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\turtle_egg_slightly_cracked.png | textures\blocks\turtle_egg_slightly_cracked.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\turtle_egg_very_cracked.png | textures\blocks\turtle_egg_very_cracked.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\twisting_vines.png | textures\blocks\twisting_vines_bottom.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\twisting_vines_plant.png | textures\blocks\twisting_vines_base.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\vine.png | textures\blocks\vine.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\warped_door_bottom.png | textures\blocks\huge_fungus\warped_door_lower.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\warped_door_top.png | textures\blocks\huge_fungus\warped_door_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\warped_fungus.png | textures\blocks\warped_fungus.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\warped_nylium.png | textures\blocks\warped_nylium_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\warped_nylium_side.png | textures\blocks\warped_nylium_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\warped_planks.png | textures\blocks\huge_fungus\warped_planks.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\warped_roots.png | textures\blocks\warped_roots.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\warped_roots_pot.png | textures\blocks\warped_roots_pot.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\warped_stem.png | textures\blocks\huge_fungus\warped_stem_side.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\warped_stem_top.png | textures\blocks\huge_fungus\warped_stem_top.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\warped_trapdoor.png | textures\blocks\huge_fungus\warped_trapdoor.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\warped_wart_block.png | textures\blocks\warped_wart_block.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\weathered_copper.png | textures\blocks\weathered_copper.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\weathered_cut_copper.png | textures\blocks\weathered_cut_copper.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\weeping_vines.png | textures\blocks\weeping_vines.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\weeping_vines_plant.png | textures\blocks\weeping_vines_plant.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\wet_sponge.png | textures\blocks\sponge_wet.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\wheat_stage0.png | textures\blocks\wheat_stage_0.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\wheat_stage1.png | textures\blocks\wheat_stage_1.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\wheat_stage2.png | textures\blocks\wheat_stage_2.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\wheat_stage3.png | textures\blocks\wheat_stage_3.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\wheat_stage4.png | textures\blocks\wheat_stage_4.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\wheat_stage5.png | textures\blocks\wheat_stage_5.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\wheat_stage6.png | textures\blocks\wheat_stage_6.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\wheat_stage7.png | textures\blocks\wheat_stage_7.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\white_candle.png | textures\blocks\candles\white_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\white_candle_lit.png | textures\blocks\candles\white_candle_lit.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\white_concrete.png | textures\blocks\concrete_white.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\white_concrete_powder.png | textures\blocks\concrete_powder_white.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\white_glazed_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\glazed_terracotta_white.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\white_shulker_box.png | textures\blocks\shulker_top_white.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\white_stained_glass.png | textures\blocks\glass_white.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\white_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\hardened_clay_stained_white.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\white_tulip.png | textures\blocks\flower_tulip_white.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\white_wool.png | textures\blocks\wool_colored_white.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\wither_rose.png | textures\blocks\flower_wither_rose.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\yellow_candle.png | textures\blocks\candles\yellow_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\yellow_candle_lit.png | textures\blocks\candles\yellow_candle_lit.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\yellow_concrete.png | textures\blocks\concrete_yellow.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\yellow_concrete_powder.png | textures\blocks\concrete_powder_yellow.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\yellow_glazed_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\glazed_terracotta_yellow.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\yellow_shulker_box.png | textures\blocks\shulker_top_yellow.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\yellow_stained_glass.png | textures\blocks\glass_yellow.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\yellow_terracotta.png | textures\blocks\hardened_clay_stained_yellow.png
assets\minecraft\textures\block\yellow_wool.png | textures\blocks\wool_colored_yellow.png
assets\minecraft\textures\colormap\foliage.png | textures\colormap\foliage.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\alex.png | textures\entity\alex.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\axolotl\axolotl_blue.png | textures\entity\axolotl\axolotl_blue.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\axolotl\axolotl_cyan.png | textures\entity\axolotl\axolotl_cyan.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\axolotl\axolotl_gold.png | textures\entity\axolotl\axolotl_gold.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\axolotl\axolotl_lucy.png | textures\entity\axolotl\axolotl_lucy.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\piglin.png | textures\entity\banner\banner_piglin.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\bat.png | textures\entity\bat.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\beacon_beam.png | textures\entity\beacon_beam.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\bear\polarbear.png | textures\entity\polarbear.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\bee\bee.png | textures\entity\bee\bee.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\bee\bee_angry.png | textures\entity\bee\bee_angry.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\bee\bee_angry_nectar.png | textures\entity\bee\bee_angry_nectar.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\bee\bee_nectar.png | textures\entity\bee\bee_nectar.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\bell\bell_body.png | textures\entity\bell\bell.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\boat\acacia.png | textures\entity\boat\boat_acacia.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\boat\birch.png | textures\entity\boat\boat_birch.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\boat\dark_oak.png | textures\entity\boat\boat_darkoak.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\boat\jungle.png | textures\entity\boat\boat_jungle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\boat\oak.png | textures\entity\boat\boat_oak.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\boat\spruce.png | textures\entity\boat\boat_spruce.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\cat\all_black.png | textures\entity\cat\allblackcat.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\cat\british_shorthair.png | textures\entity\cat\britishshorthair.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\cat\calico.png | textures\entity\cat\calico.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\cat\jellie.png | textures\entity\cat\jellie.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\cat\ocelot.png | textures\entity\cat\ocelot.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\cat\persian.png | textures\entity\cat\persian.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\cat\ragdoll.png | textures\entity\cat\ragdoll.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\cat\red.png | textures\entity\cat\red.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\chicken.png | textures\entity\chicken.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\conduit\cage.png | textures\blocks\conduit_cage.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\cow\brown_mooshroom.png | textures\entity\cow\brown_mooshroom.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\cow\cow.png | textures\entity\cow\cow.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\cow\red_mooshroom.png | textures\entity\cow\mooshroom.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\creeper\creeper.png | textures\entity\creeper\creeper.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\creeper\creeper_armor.png | textures\entity\creeper\creeper_armor.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\elytra.png | textures\models\armor\elytra.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\enchanting_table_book.png | textures\entity\enchanting_table_book.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\end_crystal\end_crystal.png | textures\entity\endercrystal\endercrystal.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\end_crystal\end_crystal_beam.png | textures\entity\endercrystal\endercrystal_beam.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\end_portal.png | textures\entity\end_portal.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\enderdragon\dragon_eyes.png | textures\entity\dragon\dragon_eyes.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\endermite.png | textures\entity\endermite.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\experience_orb.png | textures\entity\experience_orb.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\fish\pufferfish.png | textures\entity\fish\pufferfish.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\ghast\ghast.png | textures\entity\ghast\ghast.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\goat\goat.png | textures\entity\goat\goat.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\guardian.png | textures\entity\guardian.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\guardian_beam.png | textures\entity\guardian_beam.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\guardian_elder.png | textures\entity\guardian_elder.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\horse\armor\horse_armor_diamond.png | textures\entity\horse2\armor\horse_armor_diamond.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\horse\armor\horse_armor_gold.png | textures\entity\horse2\armor\horse_armor_gold.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\horse\armor\horse_armor_iron.png | textures\entity\horse2\armor\horse_armor_iron.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\horse\donkey.png | textures\entity\horse2\donkey.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\horse\horse_black.png | textures\entity\horse2\horse_black.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\horse\horse_brown.png | textures\entity\horse2\horse_brown.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\horse\horse_chestnut.png | textures\entity\horse2\horse_chestnut.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\horse\horse_creamy.png | textures\entity\horse2\horse_creamy.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\horse\horse_darkbrown.png | textures\entity\horse2\horse_darkbrown.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\horse\horse_gray.png | textures\entity\horse2\horse_gray.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\horse\horse_markings_blackdots.png | textures\entity\horse2\horse_markings_blackdots.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\horse\horse_markings_white.png | textures\entity\horse2\horse_markings_white.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\horse\horse_markings_whitedots.png | textures\entity\horse2\horse_markings_whitedots.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\horse\horse_markings_whitefield.png | textures\entity\horse2\horse_markings_whitefield.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\horse\horse_skeleton.png | textures\entity\horse2\horse_skeleton.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\horse\horse_white.png | textures\entity\horse2\horse_white.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\horse\horse_zombie.png | textures\entity\horse2\horse_zombie.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\horse\mule.png | textures\entity\horse2\mule.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\illager\evoker_fangs.png | textures\entity\illager\fangs.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\illager\ravager.png | textures\entity\illager\ravager.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\illager\vex.png | textures\entity\vex\vex.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\illager\vex_charging.png | textures\entity\vex\vex_charging.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\iron_golem\iron_golem.png | textures\entity\iron_golem.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\llama\brown.png | textures\entity\llama\llama_brown.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\llama\creamy.png | textures\entity\llama\llama.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\llama\decor\black.png | textures\entity\llama\decor\decor_black.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\llama\decor\blue.png | textures\entity\llama\decor\decor_blue.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\llama\decor\brown.png | textures\entity\llama\decor\decor_brown.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\llama\decor\cyan.png | textures\entity\llama\decor\decor_cyan.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\llama\decor\gray.png | textures\entity\llama\decor\decor_gray.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\llama\decor\green.png | textures\entity\llama\decor\decor_green.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\llama\decor\light_blue.png | textures\entity\llama\decor\decor_light_blue.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\llama\decor\light_gray.png | textures\entity\llama\decor\decor_silver.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\llama\decor\lime.png | textures\entity\llama\decor\decor_lime.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\llama\decor\magenta.png | textures\entity\llama\decor\decor_magenta.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\llama\decor\orange.png | textures\entity\llama\decor\decor_orange.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\llama\decor\pink.png | textures\entity\llama\decor\decor_pink.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\llama\decor\trader_llama.png | textures\entity\llama\decor\trader_llama_decor.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\llama\decor\white.png | textures\entity\llama\decor\decor_white.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\llama\decor\yellow.png | textures\entity\llama\decor\decor_yellow.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\llama\gray.png | textures\entity\llama\llama_gray.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\llama\spit.png | textures\entity\llama\spit.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\llama\white.png | textures\entity\llama\llama_white.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\panda\aggressive_panda.png | textures\entity\panda\panda_aggressive.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\panda\brown_panda.png | textures\entity\panda\panda_brown.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\panda\lazy_panda.png | textures\entity\panda\panda_lazy.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\panda\panda.png | textures\entity\panda\panda.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\panda\playful_panda.png | textures\entity\panda\panda_playful.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\panda\weak_panda.png | textures\entity\panda\panda_sneezy.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\panda\worried_panda.png | textures\entity\panda\panda_worried.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\pig\pig.png | textures\entity\pig\pig.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\pig\pig_saddle.png | textures\entity\saddle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\piglin\piglin.png | textures\entity\piglin\piglin.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\piglin\piglin_brute.png | textures\entity\piglin\piglin_brute.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\piglin\zombified_piglin.png | textures\entity\piglin\zombie_piglin.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\rabbit\black.png | textures\entity\rabbit\blackrabbit.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\rabbit\brown.png | textures\entity\rabbit\brown.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\rabbit\gold.png | textures\entity\rabbit\gold.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\rabbit\salt.png | textures\entity\rabbit\salt.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\rabbit\toast.png | textures\entity\rabbit\toast.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\rabbit\white.png | textures\entity\rabbit\white.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\rabbit\white_splotched.png | textures\entity\rabbit\white_splotched.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shulker\shulker.png | textures\entity\shulker\shulker_undyed.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shulker\shulker_black.png | textures\entity\shulker\shulker_black.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shulker\shulker_blue.png | textures\entity\shulker\shulker_blue.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shulker\shulker_brown.png | textures\entity\shulker\shulker_brown.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shulker\shulker_cyan.png | textures\entity\shulker\shulker_cyan.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shulker\shulker_gray.png | textures\entity\shulker\shulker_gray.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shulker\shulker_green.png | textures\entity\shulker\shulker_green.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shulker\shulker_light_blue.png | textures\entity\shulker\shulker_light_blue.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shulker\shulker_light_gray.png | textures\entity\shulker\shulker_silver.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shulker\shulker_lime.png | textures\entity\shulker\shulker_lime.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shulker\shulker_magenta.png | textures\entity\shulker\shulker_magenta.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shulker\shulker_orange.png | textures\entity\shulker\shulker_orange.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shulker\shulker_pink.png | textures\entity\shulker\shulker_pink.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shulker\shulker_red.png | textures\entity\shulker\shulker_red.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shulker\shulker_white.png | textures\entity\shulker\shulker_white.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shulker\shulker_yellow.png | textures\entity\shulker\shulker_yellow.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shulker\spark.png | textures\entity\shulker\spark.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\signs\acacia.png | textures\entity\sign_acacia.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\signs\birch.png | textures\entity\sign_birch.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\signs\crimson.png | textures\entity\sign_crimson.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\signs\dark_oak.png | textures\entity\sign_darkoak.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\signs\jungle.png | textures\entity\sign_jungle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\signs\oak.png | textures\entity\sign.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\signs\spruce.png | textures\entity\sign_spruce.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\signs\warped.png | textures\entity\sign_warped.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\silverfish.png | textures\entity\silverfish.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\skeleton\skeleton.png | textures\entity\skeleton\skeleton.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\skeleton\stray.png | textures\entity\skeleton\stray.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\skeleton\stray_overlay.png | textures\entity\skeleton\stray_overlay.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\skeleton\wither_skeleton.png | textures\entity\skeleton\wither_skeleton.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\slime\slime.png | textures\entity\slime\slime.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\snow_golem.png | textures\entity\snow_golem.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\squid\squid.png | textures\entity\squid.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\steve.png | textures\entity\steve.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\villager\profession_level\diamond.png | textures\entity\villager2\levels\level_diamond.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\villager\profession_level\emerald.png | textures\entity\villager2\levels\level_emerald.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\villager\profession_level\gold.png | textures\entity\villager2\levels\level_gold.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\villager\profession_level\stone.png | textures\entity\villager2\levels\level_stone.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\villager\villager.png | textures\entity\villager2\villager.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\wandering_trader.png | textures\entity\wandering_trader.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\wither\wither_armor.png | textures\entity\wither_boss\wither_armor_white.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\wither\wither_invulnerable.png | textures\entity\wither_boss\wither_invulnerable.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\wolf\wolf.png | textures\entity\wolf\wolf.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\wolf\wolf_angry.png | textures\entity\wolf\wolf_angry.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie_villager\type\desert.png | textures\entity\zombie_villager2\biomes\biome-desert-zombie.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie_villager\type\jungle.png | textures\entity\zombie_villager2\biomes\biome-jungle-zombie.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie_villager\type\plains.png | textures\entity\zombie_villager2\biomes\biome-plains-zombie.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie_villager\type\savanna.png | textures\entity\zombie_villager2\biomes\biome-savanna-zombie.png
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie_villager\zombie_villager.png | textures\entity\zombie_villager2\zombie-villager.png
assets\minecraft\textures\environment\clouds.png | textures\environment\clouds.png
assets\minecraft\textures\environment\moon_phases.png | textures\environment\moon_phases.png
assets\minecraft\textures\environment\sun.png | textures\environment\sun.png
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\options_background.png | textures\ui\background.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\acacia_boat.png | textures\items\boat_acacia.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\amethyst_shard.png | textures\items\amethyst_shard.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\apple.png | textures\items\apple.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\armor_stand.png | textures\items\armor_stand.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\arrow.png | textures\items\arrow.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\axolotl_bucket.png | textures\items\bucket_axolotl.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\baked_potato.png | textures\items\potato_baked.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\bamboo.png | textures\items\bamboo.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\barrier.png | textures\blocks\barrier.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\beef.png | textures\items\beef_raw.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\beetroot.png | textures\items\beetroot.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\beetroot_soup.png | textures\items\beetroot_soup.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\bell.png | textures\items\villagebell.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\birch_boat.png | textures\items\boat_birch.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\black_candle.png | textures\items\candles\black_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\black_dye.png | textures\items\dye_powder_black_new.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\blaze_powder.png | textures\items\blaze_powder.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\blaze_rod.png | textures\items\blaze_rod.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\blue_candle.png | textures\items\candles\blue_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\blue_dye.png | textures\items\dye_powder_blue_new.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\bone.png | textures\items\bone.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\bone_meal.png | textures\items\dye_powder_white.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\book.png | textures\items\book_normal.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\bow.png | textures\items\bow_standby.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\bow_pulling_0.png | textures\items\bow_pulling_0.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\bow_pulling_1.png | textures\items\bow_pulling_1.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\bow_pulling_2.png | textures\items\bow_pulling_2.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\bowl.png | textures\items\bowl.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\bread.png | textures\items\bread.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\brewing_stand.png | textures\items\brewing_stand.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\brick.png | textures\items\brick.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\broken_elytra.png | textures\items\broken_elytra.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\brown_candle.png | textures\items\candles\brown_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\brown_dye.png | textures\items\dye_powder_brown_new.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\bucket.png | textures\items\bucket_empty.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\cake.png | textures\items\cake.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\candle.png | textures\items\candles\candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\carrot.png | textures\items\carrot.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\carrot_on_a_stick.png | textures\items\carrot_on_a_stick.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\cauldron.png | textures\items\cauldron.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\chain.png | textures\items\chain.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\chainmail_boots.png | textures\items\chainmail_boots.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\chainmail_chestplate.png | textures\items\chainmail_chestplate.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\chainmail_helmet.png | textures\items\chainmail_helmet.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\chainmail_leggings.png | textures\items\chainmail_leggings.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\charcoal.png | textures\items\charcoal.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\chest_minecart.png | textures\items\minecart_chest.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\chicken.png | textures\items\chicken_raw.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\chorus_fruit.png | textures\items\chorus_fruit.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clay_ball.png | textures\items\clay_ball.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_00.png | textures\items\clock_item.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\coal.png | textures\items\coal.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\cocoa_beans.png | textures\items\dye_powder_brown.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\cod.png | textures\items\fish_raw.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\cod_bucket.png | textures\items\bucket_cod.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\command_block_minecart.png | textures\items\minecart_command_block.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\comparator.png | textures\items\comparator.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_19.png | textures\items\compass_item.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\cooked_beef.png | textures\items\beef_cooked.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\cooked_chicken.png | textures\items\chicken_cooked.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\cooked_cod.png | textures\items\fish_cooked.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\cooked_mutton.png | textures\items\mutton_cooked.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\cooked_porkchop.png | textures\items\porkchop_cooked.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\cooked_rabbit.png | textures\items\rabbit_cooked.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\cooked_salmon.png | textures\items\fish_salmon_cooked.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\cookie.png | textures\items\cookie.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\copper_ingot.png | textures\items\copper_ingot.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\creeper_banner_pattern.png | textures\items\banner_pattern.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\crimson_door.png | textures\items\crimson_door.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\crossbow_arrow.png | textures\items\crossbow_arrow.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\crossbow_firework.png | textures\items\crossbow_firework.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\crossbow_pulling_0.png | textures\items\crossbow_pulling_0.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\crossbow_pulling_1.png | textures\items\crossbow_pulling_1.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\crossbow_pulling_2.png | textures\items\crossbow_pulling_2.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\crossbow_standby.png | textures\items\crossbow_standby.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\cyan_candle.png | textures\items\candles\cyan_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\cyan_dye.png | textures\items\dye_powder_cyan.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\dark_oak_boat.png | textures\items\boat_darkoak.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\diamond.png | textures\items\diamond.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\diamond_axe.png | textures\items\diamond_axe.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\diamond_boots.png | textures\items\diamond_boots.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\diamond_chestplate.png | textures\items\diamond_chestplate.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\diamond_helmet.png | textures\items\diamond_helmet.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\diamond_hoe.png | textures\items\diamond_hoe.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\diamond_horse_armor.png | textures\items\diamond_horse_armor.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\diamond_leggings.png | textures\items\diamond_leggings.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\diamond_pickaxe.png | textures\items\diamond_pickaxe.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\diamond_shovel.png | textures\items\diamond_shovel.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\diamond_sword.png | textures\items\diamond_sword.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\dragon_breath.png | textures\items\dragons_breath.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\dried_kelp.png | textures\items\dried_kelp.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\egg.png | textures\items\egg.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\elytra.png | textures\items\elytra.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\emerald.png | textures\items\emerald.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\empty_armor_slot_boots.png | textures\items\empty_armor_slot_boots.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\empty_armor_slot_chestplate.png | textures\items\empty_armor_slot_chestplate.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\empty_armor_slot_helmet.png | textures\items\empty_armor_slot_helmet.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\empty_armor_slot_leggings.png | textures\items\empty_armor_slot_leggings.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\empty_armor_slot_shield.png | textures\items\empty_armor_slot_shield.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\enchanted_book.png | textures\items\book_enchanted.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\end_crystal.png | textures\items\end_crystal.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\ender_eye.png | textures\items\ender_eye.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\ender_pearl.png | textures\items\ender_pearl.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\experience_bottle.png | textures\items\experience_bottle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\feather.png | textures\items\feather.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\fermented_spider_eye.png | textures\items\spider_eye_fermented.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\filled_map.png | textures\items\map_empty.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\fire_charge.png | textures\items\fireball.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\firework_rocket.png | textures\items\fireworks.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\fishing_rod.png | textures\items\fishing_rod_uncast.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\fishing_rod_cast.png | textures\items\fishing_rod_cast.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\flint.png | textures\items\flint.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\flint_and_steel.png | textures\items\flint_and_steel.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\flower_pot.png | textures\items\flower_pot.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\furnace_minecart.png | textures\items\minecart_furnace.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\ghast_tear.png | textures\items\ghast_tear.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\glass_bottle.png | textures\items\potion_bottle_empty.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\glistering_melon_slice.png | textures\items\melon_speckled.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\glow_berries.png | textures\items\glow_berries.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\glow_ink_sac.png | textures\items\dye_powder_glow.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\glowstone_dust.png | textures\items\glowstone_dust.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\gold_ingot.png | textures\items\gold_ingot.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\gold_nugget.png | textures\items\gold_nugget.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\golden_apple.png | textures\items\apple_golden.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\golden_axe.png | textures\items\gold_axe.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\golden_boots.png | textures\items\gold_boots.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\golden_carrot.png | textures\items\carrot_golden.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\golden_chestplate.png | textures\items\gold_chestplate.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\golden_helmet.png | textures\items\gold_helmet.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\golden_hoe.png | textures\items\gold_hoe.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\golden_horse_armor.png | textures\items\gold_horse_armor.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\golden_leggings.png | textures\items\gold_leggings.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\golden_pickaxe.png | textures\items\gold_pickaxe.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\golden_shovel.png | textures\items\gold_shovel.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\golden_sword.png | textures\items\gold_sword.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\gray_candle.png | textures\items\candles\gray_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\gray_dye.png | textures\items\dye_powder_gray.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\green_candle.png | textures\items\candles\green_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\green_dye.png | textures\items\dye_powder_green.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\gunpowder.png | textures\items\gunpowder.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\heart_of_the_sea.png | textures\items\heartofthesea_closed.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\honey_bottle.png | textures\items\honey_bottle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\hopper.png | textures\items\hopper.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\hopper_minecart.png | textures\items\minecart_hopper.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\ink_sac.png | textures\items\dye_powder_black.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\iron_axe.png | textures\items\iron_axe.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\iron_boots.png | textures\items\iron_boots.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\iron_chestplate.png | textures\items\iron_chestplate.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\iron_helmet.png | textures\items\iron_helmet.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\iron_hoe.png | textures\items\iron_hoe.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\iron_ingot.png | textures\items\iron_ingot.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\iron_leggings.png | textures\items\iron_leggings.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\iron_nugget.png | textures\items\iron_nugget.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\iron_pickaxe.png | textures\items\iron_pickaxe.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\iron_shovel.png | textures\items\iron_shovel.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\iron_sword.png | textures\items\iron_sword.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\jungle_boat.png | textures\items\boat_jungle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\kelp.png | textures\items\kelp.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\lantern.png | textures\items\lantern.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\lapis_lazuli.png | textures\items\dye_powder_blue.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\lava_bucket.png | textures\items\bucket_lava.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\lead.png | textures\items\lead.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\leather.png | textures\items\leather.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\leather_chestplate.png | textures\items\leather_chestplate.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\leather_chestplate_overlay.png | textures\entity\horse\armor\horse_armor_none.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\light_blue_candle.png | textures\items\candles\light_blue_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\light_blue_dye.png | textures\items\dye_powder_light_blue.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\light_gray_candle.png | textures\items\candles\light_gray_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\light_gray_dye.png | textures\items\dye_powder_silver.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\lime_candle.png | textures\items\candles\lime_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\lime_dye.png | textures\items\dye_powder_lime.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\lingering_potion.png | textures\items\potion_bottle_lingering_empty.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\magenta_candle.png | textures\items\candles\magenta_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\magenta_dye.png | textures\items\dye_powder_magenta.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\magma_cream.png | textures\items\magma_cream.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\melon_slice.png | textures\items\melon.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\milk_bucket.png | textures\items\bucket_milk.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\minecart.png | textures\items\minecart_normal.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\mushroom_stew.png | textures\items\mushroom_stew.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\music_disc_11.png | textures\items\record_11.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\music_disc_13.png | textures\items\record_13.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\music_disc_blocks.png | textures\items\record_blocks.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\music_disc_cat.png | textures\items\record_cat.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\music_disc_chirp.png | textures\items\record_chirp.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\music_disc_far.png | textures\items\record_far.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\music_disc_mall.png | textures\items\record_mall.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\music_disc_mellohi.png | textures\items\record_mellohi.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\music_disc_otherside.png | textures\items\record_otherside.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\music_disc_pigstep.png | textures\items\record_pigstep.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\music_disc_stal.png | textures\items\record_stal.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\music_disc_strad.png | textures\items\record_strad.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\music_disc_wait.png | textures\items\record_wait.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\music_disc_ward.png | textures\items\record_ward.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\mutton.png | textures\items\mutton_raw.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\name_tag.png | textures\items\name_tag.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\nautilus_shell.png | textures\items\nautilus.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\nether_brick.png | textures\items\netherbrick.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\nether_sprouts.png | textures\items\nether_sprouts.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\nether_star.png | textures\items\nether_star.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\nether_wart.png | textures\items\nether_wart.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\netherite_axe.png | textures\items\netherite_axe.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\netherite_boots.png | textures\items\netherite_boots.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\netherite_chestplate.png | textures\items\netherite_chestplate.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\netherite_helmet.png | textures\items\netherite_helmet.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\netherite_hoe.png | textures\items\netherite_hoe.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\netherite_ingot.png | textures\items\netherite_ingot.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\netherite_leggings.png | textures\items\netherite_leggings.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\netherite_pickaxe.png | textures\items\netherite_pickaxe.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\netherite_scrap.png | textures\items\netherite_scrap.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\netherite_shovel.png | textures\items\netherite_shovel.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\netherite_sword.png | textures\items\netherite_sword.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\oak_boat.png | textures\items\boat_oak.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\orange_candle.png | textures\items\candles\orange_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\orange_dye.png | textures\items\dye_powder_orange.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\painting.png | textures\items\painting.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\paper.png | textures\items\paper.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\phantom_membrane.png | textures\items\phantom_membrane.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\pink_candle.png | textures\items\candles\pink_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\pink_dye.png | textures\items\dye_powder_pink.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\poisonous_potato.png | textures\items\potato_poisonous.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\popped_chorus_fruit.png | textures\items\chorus_fruit_popped.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\porkchop.png | textures\items\porkchop_raw.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\potato.png | textures\items\potato.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\powder_snow_bucket.png | textures\items\bucket_powder_snow.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\prismarine_crystals.png | textures\items\prismarine_crystals.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\prismarine_shard.png | textures\items\prismarine_shard.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\pufferfish.png | textures\items\fish_pufferfish_raw.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\pufferfish_bucket.png | textures\items\bucket_pufferfish.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\pumpkin_pie.png | textures\items\pumpkin_pie.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\pumpkin_seeds.png | textures\items\seeds_pumpkin.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\purple_candle.png | textures\items\candles\purple_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\purple_dye.png | textures\items\dye_powder_purple.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\quartz.png | textures\items\quartz.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\rabbit.png | textures\items\rabbit_raw.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\rabbit_foot.png | textures\items\rabbit_foot.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\rabbit_hide.png | textures\items\rabbit_hide.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\rabbit_stew.png | textures\items\rabbit_stew.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\raw_copper.png | textures\items\raw_copper.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\raw_gold.png | textures\items\raw_gold.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\raw_iron.png | textures\items\raw_iron.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\red_candle.png | textures\items\candles\red_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\red_dye.png | textures\items\dye_powder_red.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\redstone.png | textures\items\redstone_dust.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\repeater.png | textures\items\repeater.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\rotten_flesh.png | textures\items\rotten_flesh.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\saddle.png | textures\items\saddle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\salmon.png | textures\items\fish_salmon_raw.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\salmon_bucket.png | textures\items\bucket_salmon.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\scute.png | textures\items\turtle_shell_piece.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\sea_pickle.png | textures\items\sea_pickle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\shears.png | textures\items\shears.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\shulker_shell.png | textures\items\shulker_shell.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\slime_ball.png | textures\items\slimeball.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\snowball.png | textures\items\snowball.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\soul_lantern.png | textures\items\soul_lantern.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\spawn_egg_overlay.png | textures\items\spawn_egg_overlay.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\spider_eye.png | textures\items\spider_eye.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\spruce_boat.png | textures\items\boat_spruce.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\spyglass.png | textures\items\spyglass.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\stick.png | textures\items\stick.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\stone_axe.png | textures\items\stone_axe.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\stone_hoe.png | textures\items\stone_hoe.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\stone_pickaxe.png | textures\items\stone_pickaxe.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\stone_shovel.png | textures\items\stone_shovel.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\stone_sword.png | textures\items\stone_sword.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\string.png | textures\items\string.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\sugar.png | textures\items\sugar.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\sugar_cane.png | textures\items\reeds.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\suspicious_stew.png | textures\items\suspicious_stew.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\sweet_berries.png | textures\items\sweet_berries.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\tipped_arrow_base.png | textures\items\tipped_arrow_base.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\tipped_arrow_head.png | textures\items\tipped_arrow_head.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\tnt_minecart.png | textures\items\minecart_tnt.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\totem_of_undying.png | textures\items\totem.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\trident.png | textures\items\trident.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\tropical_fish.png | textures\items\fish_clownfish_raw.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\tropical_fish_bucket.png | textures\items\bucket_tropical.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\turtle_egg.png | textures\items\turtle_egg.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\turtle_helmet.png | textures\items\turtle_helmet.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\warped_door.png | textures\items\warped_door.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\warped_fungus_on_a_stick.png | textures\items\warped_fungus_on_a_stick.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\water_bucket.png | textures\items\bucket_water.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\wheat.png | textures\items\wheat.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\wheat_seeds.png | textures\items\seeds_wheat.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\white_candle.png | textures\items\candles\white_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\white_dye.png | textures\items\dye_powder_white_new.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\wooden_axe.png | textures\items\wood_axe.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\wooden_hoe.png | textures\items\wood_hoe.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\wooden_pickaxe.png | textures\items\wood_pickaxe.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\wooden_shovel.png | textures\items\wood_shovel.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\wooden_sword.png | textures\items\wood_sword.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\writable_book.png | textures\items\book_writable.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\written_book.png | textures\items\book_written.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\yellow_candle.png | textures\items\candles\yellow_candle.png
assets\minecraft\textures\item\yellow_dye.png | textures\items\dye_powder_yellow.png
assets\minecraft\textures\map\map_background.png | textures\map\map_background.png
assets\minecraft\textures\misc\powder_snow_outline.png | textures\ui\frozen_effect.png
assets\minecraft\textures\misc\pumpkinblur.png | textures\misc\pumpkinblur.png
assets\minecraft\textures\misc\spyglass_scope.png | textures\ui\spyglass_scope.png
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\hero_of_the_village.png | textures\gui\newgui\mob_effects\village_hero_effect.png
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\slow_falling.png | textures\ui\slow_falling_effect.png
assets\minecraft\textures\models\armor\chainmail_layer_1.png | textures\models\armor\chain_1.png
assets\minecraft\textures\models\armor\chainmail_layer_2.png | textures\models\armor\chain_2.png
assets\minecraft\textures\models\armor\iron_layer_1.png | textures\models\armor\iron_1.png
assets\minecraft\textures\models\armor\iron_layer_2.png | textures\models\armor\iron_2.png
assets\minecraft\textures\models\armor\netherite_layer_1.png | textures\models\armor\netherite_1.png
assets\minecraft\textures\models\armor\netherite_layer_2.png | textures\models\armor\netherite_2.png
assets\minecraft\textures\models\armor\turtle_layer_1.png | textures\models\armor\turtle_1.png
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\darken.png | textures\ui\screen_background.png
pack.png | pack_icon.png

## Unhandled
Java Edition | Bedrock Edition
:---|:---
assets\minecraft\textures\block\acacia_leaves.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\bamboo_large_leaves.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\bamboo_small_leaves.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\barrel_bottom.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\beehive_end.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\beehive_front.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\beehive_front_honey.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\bell_bottom.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\bell_side.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\bell_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\birch_leaves.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\black_stained_glass_pane_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\blue_stained_glass.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\blue_stained_glass_pane_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\brown_stained_glass_pane_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\bubble_coral_block.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cactus_bottom.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cactus_side.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cactus_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\carrots_stage3.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cartography_table_side1.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cartography_table_side2.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cartography_table_side3.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cartography_table_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cave_vines_plant.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cave_vines_plant_lit.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\chain.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cocoa_stage0.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cocoa_stage1.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\comparator_on.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\composter_compost.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\composter_ready.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\composter_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\conduit.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\cyan_stained_glass_pane_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dark_oak_leaves.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dark_oak_log_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\debug.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\debug2.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dirt_path_side.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\dried_kelp_bottom.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\fern.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\fire_coral_block.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\glass_pane_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\grass.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\grass_block_side_overlay.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\gray_stained_glass_pane_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\green_stained_glass_pane_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\grindstone_pivot.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\grindstone_round.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\grindstone_side.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\iron_door_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\jungle_leaves.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\kelp.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\kelp_plant.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\large_fern_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lectern_base.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\light_blue_stained_glass_pane_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\light_gray_stained_glass_pane_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lilac_bottom.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lilac_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\lime_stained_glass_pane_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\loom_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\magenta_stained_glass_pane_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\nether_wart_block.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\oak_door_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\oak_leaves.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\observer_back_on.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\orange_stained_glass_pane_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\pink_stained_glass_pane_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\potted_azalea_bush_side.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\potted_flowering_azalea_bush_side.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\pumpkin_stem.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\pumpkin_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\purple_stained_glass_pane_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\red_stained_glass.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\red_stained_glass_pane_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\redstone_dust_dot.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\redstone_dust_line0.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\redstone_dust_line1.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\scaffolding_bottom.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\scaffolding_side.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\scaffolding_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\sculk_sensor_bottom.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\sculk_sensor_side.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\sculk_sensor_tendril_active.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\sculk_sensor_tendril_inactive.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\sculk_sensor_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\soul_fire_1.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\spruce_leaves.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\spruce_planks.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\stonecutter_saw.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\stripped_dark_oak_log.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\stripped_spruce_log.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\sugar_cane.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\tall_grass_bottom.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\tall_grass_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\tall_seagrass_bottom.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\tall_seagrass_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\tripwire.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\water_flow.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\water_overlay.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\water_still.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\white_stained_glass_pane_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\block\yellow_stained_glass_pane_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\colormap\grass.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\effect\dither.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\armorstand\wood.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\axolotl\axolotl_wild.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\base.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\border.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\bricks.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\circle.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\creeper.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\cross.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\curly_border.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\diagonal_left.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\diagonal_right.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\diagonal_up_left.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\diagonal_up_right.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\flower.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\globe.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\gradient.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\gradient_up.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\half_horizontal.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\half_horizontal_bottom.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\half_vertical.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\half_vertical_right.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\mojang.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\rhombus.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\skull.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\small_stripes.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\square_bottom_left.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\square_bottom_right.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\square_top_left.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\square_top_right.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\straight_cross.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\stripe_bottom.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\stripe_center.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\stripe_downleft.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\stripe_downright.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\stripe_left.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\stripe_middle.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\stripe_right.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\stripe_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\triangle_bottom.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\triangle_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\triangles_bottom.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner\triangles_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\banner_base.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\bed\black.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\bed\blue.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\bed\brown.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\bed\cyan.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\bed\gray.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\bed\green.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\bed\light_blue.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\bed\light_gray.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\bed\lime.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\bed\magenta.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\bed\orange.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\bed\pink.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\bed\purple.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\bed\red.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\bed\white.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\bed\yellow.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\bee\bee_stinger.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\blaze.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\cat\black.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\cat\cat_collar.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\cat\siamese.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\cat\tabby.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\cat\white.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\chest\christmas.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\chest\christmas_left.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\chest\christmas_right.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\chest\ender.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\chest\normal.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\chest\normal_left.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\chest\normal_right.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\chest\trapped.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\chest\trapped_left.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\chest\trapped_right.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\conduit\base.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\conduit\break_particle.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\conduit\closed_eye.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\conduit\open_eye.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\conduit\wind.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\conduit\wind_vertical.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\dolphin.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\end_gateway_beam.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\enderdragon\dragon.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\enderdragon\dragon_exploding.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\enderdragon\dragon_fireball.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\enderman\enderman.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\enderman\enderman_eyes.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\fish\cod.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\fish\salmon.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\fish\tropical_a.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\fish\tropical_a_pattern_1.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\fish\tropical_a_pattern_2.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\fish\tropical_a_pattern_3.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\fish\tropical_a_pattern_4.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\fish\tropical_a_pattern_5.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\fish\tropical_a_pattern_6.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\fish\tropical_b.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\fish\tropical_b_pattern_1.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\fish\tropical_b_pattern_2.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\fish\tropical_b_pattern_3.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\fish\tropical_b_pattern_4.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\fish\tropical_b_pattern_5.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\fish\tropical_b_pattern_6.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\fishing_hook.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\fox\fox.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\fox\fox_sleep.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\fox\snow_fox.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\fox\snow_fox_sleep.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\ghast\ghast_shooting.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\hoglin\hoglin.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\hoglin\zoglin.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\horse\armor\horse_armor_leather.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\illager\evoker.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\illager\illusioner.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\illager\pillager.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\illager\vindicator.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\iron_golem\iron_golem_crackiness_high.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\iron_golem\iron_golem_crackiness_low.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\iron_golem\iron_golem_crackiness_medium.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\lead_knot.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\llama\decor\purple.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\llama\decor\red.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\minecart.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\parrot\parrot_blue.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\parrot\parrot_green.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\parrot\parrot_grey.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\parrot\parrot_red_blue.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\parrot\parrot_yellow_blue.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\phantom.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\phantom_eyes.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\projectiles\arrow.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\projectiles\spectral_arrow.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\projectiles\tipped_arrow.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\rabbit\caerbannog.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\sheep\sheep.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\sheep\sheep_fur.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\base.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\border.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\bricks.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\circle.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\creeper.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\cross.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\curly_border.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\diagonal_left.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\diagonal_right.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\diagonal_up_left.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\diagonal_up_right.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\flower.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\globe.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\gradient.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\gradient_up.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\half_horizontal.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\half_horizontal_bottom.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\half_vertical.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\half_vertical_right.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\mojang.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\piglin.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\rhombus.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\skull.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\small_stripes.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\square_bottom_left.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\square_bottom_right.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\square_top_left.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\square_top_right.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\straight_cross.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\stripe_bottom.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\stripe_center.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\stripe_downleft.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\stripe_downright.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\stripe_left.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\stripe_middle.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\stripe_right.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\stripe_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\triangle_bottom.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\triangle_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\triangles_bottom.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield\triangles_top.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield_base.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shield_base_nopattern.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\shulker\shulker_purple.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\slime\magmacube.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\spider\cave_spider.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\spider\spider.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\spider_eyes.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\squid\glow_squid.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\strider\strider.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\strider\strider_cold.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\strider\strider_saddle.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\trident.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\trident_riptide.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\turtle\big_sea_turtle.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\villager\profession\armorer.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\villager\profession\butcher.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\villager\profession\cartographer.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\villager\profession\cleric.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\villager\profession\farmer.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\villager\profession\fisherman.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\villager\profession\fletcher.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\villager\profession\leatherworker.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\villager\profession\librarian.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\villager\profession\mason.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\villager\profession\nitwit.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\villager\profession\shepherd.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\villager\profession\toolsmith.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\villager\profession\weaponsmith.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\villager\profession_level\iron.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\villager\type\desert.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\villager\type\jungle.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\villager\type\plains.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\villager\type\savanna.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\villager\type\snow.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\villager\type\swamp.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\villager\type\taiga.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\witch.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\wither\wither.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\wolf\wolf_collar.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\wolf\wolf_tame.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie\drowned.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie\drowned_outer_layer.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie\husk.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie\zombie.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie_villager\profession\armorer.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie_villager\profession\butcher.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie_villager\profession\cartographer.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie_villager\profession\cleric.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie_villager\profession\farmer.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie_villager\profession\fisherman.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie_villager\profession\fletcher.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie_villager\profession\leatherworker.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie_villager\profession\librarian.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie_villager\profession\mason.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie_villager\profession\nitwit.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie_villager\profession\shepherd.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie_villager\profession\toolsmith.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie_villager\profession\weaponsmith.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie_villager\profession_level\diamond.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie_villager\profession_level\emerald.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie_villager\profession_level\gold.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie_villager\profession_level\iron.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie_villager\profession_level\stone.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie_villager\type\snow.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie_villager\type\swamp.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\entity\zombie_villager\type\taiga.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\environment\end_sky.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\environment\rain.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\environment\snow.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\accented.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\ascii.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\ascii_sga.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\asciillager.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\nonlatin_european.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_00.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_01.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_02.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_03.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_04.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_05.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_06.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_07.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_09.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_0a.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_0b.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_0c.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_0d.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_0e.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_0f.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_10.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_11.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_12.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_13.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_14.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_15.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_16.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_17.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_18.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_19.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_1a.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_1b.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_1c.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_1d.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_1e.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_1f.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_20.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_21.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_22.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_23.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_24.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_25.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_26.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_27.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_28.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_29.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_2a.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_2b.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_2c.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_2d.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_2e.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_2f.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_30.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_31.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_32.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_33.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_34.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_35.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_36.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_37.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_38.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_39.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_3a.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_3b.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_3c.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_3d.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_3e.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_3f.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_40.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_41.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_42.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_43.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_44.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_45.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_46.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_47.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_48.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_49.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_4a.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_4b.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_4c.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_4d.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_4e.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_4f.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_50.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_51.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_52.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_53.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_54.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_55.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_56.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_57.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_58.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_59.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_5a.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_5b.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_5c.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_5d.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_5e.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_5f.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_60.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_61.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_62.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_63.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_64.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_65.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_66.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_67.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_68.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_69.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_6a.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_6b.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_6c.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_6d.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_6e.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_6f.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_70.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_71.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_72.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_73.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_74.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_75.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_76.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_77.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_78.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_79.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_7a.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_7b.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_7c.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_7d.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_7e.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_7f.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_80.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_81.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_82.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_83.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_84.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_85.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_86.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_87.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_88.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_89.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_8a.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_8b.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_8c.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_8d.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_8e.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_8f.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_90.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_91.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_92.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_93.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_94.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_95.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_96.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_97.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_98.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_99.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_9a.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_9b.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_9c.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_9d.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_9e.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_9f.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_a0.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_a1.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_a2.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_a3.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_a4.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_a5.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_a6.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_a7.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_a8.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_a9.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_aa.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_ab.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_ac.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_ad.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_ae.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_af.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_b0.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_b1.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_b2.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_b3.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_b4.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_b5.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_b6.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_b7.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_b8.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_b9.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_ba.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_bb.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_bc.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_bd.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_be.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_bf.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_c0.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_c1.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_c2.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_c3.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_c4.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_c5.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_c6.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_c7.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_c8.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_c9.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_ca.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_cb.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_cc.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_cd.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_ce.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_cf.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_d0.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_d1.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_d2.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_d3.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_d4.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_d5.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_d6.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_d7.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_f9.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_fa.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_fb.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_fc.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_fd.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_fe.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\font\unicode_page_ff.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\accessibility.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\advancements\backgrounds\adventure.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\advancements\backgrounds\end.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\advancements\backgrounds\husbandry.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\advancements\backgrounds\nether.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\advancements\backgrounds\stone.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\advancements\tabs.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\advancements\widgets.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\advancements\window.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\bars.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\book.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\checkbox.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\container\anvil.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\container\beacon.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\container\blast_furnace.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\container\brewing_stand.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\container\bundle.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\container\cartography_table.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\container\crafting_table.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\container\creative_inventory\tab_inventory.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\container\creative_inventory\tab_item_search.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\container\creative_inventory\tab_items.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\container\creative_inventory\tabs.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\container\dispenser.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\container\enchanting_table.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\container\furnace.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\container\gamemode_switcher.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\container\generic_54.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\container\grindstone.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\container\hopper.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\container\horse.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\container\inventory.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\container\loom.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\container\shulker_box.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\container\smithing.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\container\smoker.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\container\stats_icons.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\container\stonecutter.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\container\villager2.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\demo_background.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\icons.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\presets\isles.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\recipe_book.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\recipe_button.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\resource_packs.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\server_selection.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\social_interactions.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\spectator_widgets.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\stream_indicator.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\title\background\panorama_0.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\title\background\panorama_1.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\title\background\panorama_2.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\title\background\panorama_3.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\title\background\panorama_4.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\title\background\panorama_5.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\title\background\panorama_overlay.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\title\edition.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\title\minecraft.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\title\mojangstudios.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\toasts.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\widgets.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\gui\world_selection.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\acacia_door.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\acacia_sign.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\beetroot_seeds.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\birch_door.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\birch_sign.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\bundle.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\bundle_filled.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\campfire.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_01.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_02.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_03.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_04.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_05.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_06.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_07.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_08.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_09.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_10.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_11.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_12.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_13.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_14.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_15.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_16.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_17.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_18.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_19.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_20.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_21.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_22.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_23.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_24.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_25.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_26.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_27.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_28.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_29.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_30.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_31.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_32.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_33.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_34.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_35.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_36.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_37.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_38.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_39.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_40.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_41.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_42.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_43.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_44.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_45.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_46.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_47.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_48.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_49.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_50.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_51.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_52.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_53.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_54.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_55.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_56.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_57.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_58.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_59.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_60.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_61.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_62.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\clock_63.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_00.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_01.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_02.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_03.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_04.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_05.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_06.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_07.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_08.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_09.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_10.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_11.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_12.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_13.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_14.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_15.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_16.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_17.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_18.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_20.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_21.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_22.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_23.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_24.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_25.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_26.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_27.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_28.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_29.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_30.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\compass_31.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\crimson_sign.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\dark_oak_door.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\dark_oak_sign.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\filled_map_markings.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\firework_star.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\firework_star_overlay.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\flower_banner_pattern.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\globe_banner_pattern.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\glow_item_frame.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\honeycomb.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\iron_door.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\iron_horse_armor.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\item_frame.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\jungle_door.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\jungle_sign.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\knowledge_book.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\leather_boots.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\leather_boots_overlay.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\leather_helmet.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\leather_helmet_overlay.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\leather_horse_armor.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\leather_leggings.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\leather_leggings_overlay.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\light.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\light_00.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\light_01.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\light_02.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\light_03.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\light_04.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\light_05.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\light_06.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\light_07.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\light_08.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\light_09.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\light_10.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\light_11.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\light_12.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\light_13.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\light_14.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\light_15.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\map.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\melon_seeds.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\mojang_banner_pattern.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\oak_door.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\oak_sign.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\piglin_banner_pattern.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\pointed_dripstone.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\potion.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\potion_overlay.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\seagrass.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\skull_banner_pattern.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\soul_campfire.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\spawn_egg.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\spectral_arrow.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\splash_potion.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\spruce_door.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\spruce_sign.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\spyglass_model.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\structure_void.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\item\warped_sign.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\map\map_background_checkerboard.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\map\map_icons.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\misc\enchanted_item_glint.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\misc\forcefield.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\misc\nausea.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\misc\shadow.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\misc\underwater.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\misc\unknown_pack.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\misc\unknown_server.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\misc\vignette.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\misc\white.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\absorption.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\bad_omen.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\blindness.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\conduit_power.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\dolphins_grace.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\fire_resistance.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\glowing.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\haste.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\health_boost.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\hunger.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\instant_damage.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\instant_health.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\invisibility.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\jump_boost.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\levitation.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\luck.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\mining_fatigue.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\nausea.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\night_vision.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\poison.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\regeneration.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\resistance.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\saturation.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\slowness.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\speed.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\strength.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\unluck.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\water_breathing.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\weakness.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\mob_effect\wither.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\models\armor\diamond_layer_1.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\models\armor\diamond_layer_2.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\models\armor\gold_layer_1.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\models\armor\gold_layer_2.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\models\armor\leather_layer_1.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\models\armor\leather_layer_1_overlay.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\models\armor\leather_layer_2.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\models\armor\leather_layer_2_overlay.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\painting\alban.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\painting\aztec.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\painting\aztec2.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\painting\back.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\painting\bomb.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\painting\burning_skull.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\painting\bust.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\painting\courbet.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\painting\creebet.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\painting\donkey_kong.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\painting\fighters.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\painting\graham.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\painting\kebab.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\painting\match.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\painting\pigscene.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\painting\plant.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\painting\pointer.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\painting\pool.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\painting\sea.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\painting\skeleton.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\painting\skull_and_roses.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\painting\stage.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\painting\sunset.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\painting\void.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\painting\wanderer.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\painting\wasteland.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\painting\wither.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\angry.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\big_smoke_0.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\big_smoke_1.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\big_smoke_10.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\big_smoke_11.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\big_smoke_2.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\big_smoke_3.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\big_smoke_4.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\big_smoke_5.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\big_smoke_6.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\big_smoke_7.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\big_smoke_8.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\big_smoke_9.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\bubble.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\bubble_pop_0.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\bubble_pop_1.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\bubble_pop_2.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\bubble_pop_3.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\bubble_pop_4.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\critical_hit.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\damage.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\drip_fall.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\drip_hang.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\drip_land.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\effect_0.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\effect_1.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\effect_2.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\effect_3.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\effect_4.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\effect_5.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\effect_6.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\effect_7.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\enchanted_hit.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\explosion_0.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\explosion_1.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\explosion_10.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\explosion_11.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\explosion_12.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\explosion_13.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\explosion_14.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\explosion_15.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\explosion_2.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\explosion_3.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\explosion_4.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\explosion_5.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\explosion_6.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\explosion_7.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\explosion_8.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\explosion_9.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\flame.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\flash.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\generic_0.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\generic_1.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\generic_2.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\generic_3.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\generic_4.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\generic_5.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\generic_6.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\generic_7.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\glint.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\glitter_0.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\glitter_1.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\glitter_2.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\glitter_3.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\glitter_4.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\glitter_5.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\glitter_6.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\glitter_7.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\glow.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\heart.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\lava.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\nautilus.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\note.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sga_a.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sga_b.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sga_c.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sga_d.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sga_e.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sga_f.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sga_g.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sga_h.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sga_i.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sga_j.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sga_k.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sga_l.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sga_m.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sga_n.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sga_o.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sga_p.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sga_q.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sga_r.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sga_s.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sga_t.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sga_u.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sga_v.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sga_w.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sga_x.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sga_y.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sga_z.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\soul_0.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\soul_1.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\soul_10.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\soul_2.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\soul_3.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\soul_4.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\soul_5.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\soul_6.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\soul_7.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\soul_8.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\soul_9.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\soul_fire_flame.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\spark_0.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\spark_1.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\spark_2.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\spark_3.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\spark_4.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\spark_5.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\spark_6.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\spark_7.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\spell_0.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\spell_1.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\spell_2.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\spell_3.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\spell_4.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\spell_5.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\spell_6.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\spell_7.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\splash_0.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\splash_1.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\splash_2.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\splash_3.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sweep_0.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sweep_1.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sweep_2.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sweep_3.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sweep_4.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sweep_5.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sweep_6.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\sweep_7.png | UNKNOWN
assets\minecraft\textures\particle\vibration.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\accept_icon.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\adventure.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\configure_icon.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\cross_icon.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\cross_player_icon.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\empty_frame.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\experience.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\expired_icon.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\expires_soon_icon.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\inspiration.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\invitation_icons.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\invite_icon.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\leave_icon.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\link_icons.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\new_world.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\news_icon.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\news_notification_mainscreen.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\off_icon.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\on_icon.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\op_icon.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\plus_icon.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\popup.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\questionmark.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\reject_icon.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\restore_icon.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\slot_frame.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\survival_spawn.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\trailer_icons.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\trial_icon.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\upload.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\user_icon.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\realms\world_icon.png | UNKNOWN
assets\realms\textures\gui\title\realms.png | UNKNOWN
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_2E.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_2F.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_30.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_31.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_32.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_33.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_34.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_35.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_36.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_37.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_38.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_39.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_3A.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_3B.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_3C.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_3D.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_3E.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_3F.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_40.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_41.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_42.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_43.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_44.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_45.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_46.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_47.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_48.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_49.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_4A.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_4B.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_4C.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_4D.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_4E.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_4F.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_50.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_51.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_52.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_53.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_54.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_55.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_56.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_57.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_58.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_59.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_5A.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_5B.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_5C.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_5D.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_5E.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_5F.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_60.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_61.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_62.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_63.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_64.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_65.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_66.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_67.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_68.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_69.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_6A.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_6B.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_6C.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_6D.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_6E.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_6F.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_70.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_71.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_72.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_73.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_74.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_75.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_76.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_77.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_78.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_79.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_7A.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_7B.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_7C.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_7D.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_7E.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_7F.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_80.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_81.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_82.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_83.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_84.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_85.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_86.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_87.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_88.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_89.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_8A.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_8B.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_8C.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_8D.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_8E.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_8F.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_90.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_91.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_92.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_93.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_94.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_95.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_96.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_97.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_98.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_99.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_9A.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_9B.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_9C.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_9D.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_9E.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_9F.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_F9.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_FA.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_FB.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_FD.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_FE.png
UNKNOWN | texts\ja_JP\font\glyph_FF.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_2E.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_2F.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_30.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_31.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_32.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_33.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_34.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_35.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_36.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_37.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_38.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_39.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_3A.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_3B.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_3C.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_3D.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_3E.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_3F.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_40.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_41.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_42.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_43.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_44.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_45.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_46.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_47.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_48.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_49.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_4A.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_4B.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_4C.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_4D.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_4E.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_4F.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_50.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_51.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_52.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_53.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_54.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_55.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_56.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_57.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_58.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_59.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_5A.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_5B.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_5C.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_5D.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_5E.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_5F.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_60.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_61.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_62.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_63.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_64.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_65.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_66.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_67.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_68.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_69.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_6A.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_6B.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_6C.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_6D.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_6E.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_6F.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_70.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_71.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_72.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_73.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_74.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_75.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_76.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_77.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_78.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_79.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_7A.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_7B.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_7C.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_7D.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_7E.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_7F.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_80.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_81.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_82.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_83.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_84.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_85.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_86.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_87.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_88.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_89.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_8A.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_8B.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_8C.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_8D.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_8E.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_8F.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_90.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_91.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_92.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_93.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_94.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_95.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_96.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_97.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_98.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_99.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_9A.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_9B.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_9C.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_9D.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_9E.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_9F.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_F9.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_FA.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_FE.png
UNKNOWN | texts\zh_TW\font\glyph_FF.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\azalea_leaves_flowers_opaque.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\azalea_leaves_opaque.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bamboo_leaf.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bamboo_small_leaf.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\barrel_bottom.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bed_feet_end.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bed_feet_side.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bed_feet_top.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bed_head_end.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bed_head_side.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bed_head_top.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\beehive_front.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\beehive_front_honey.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\beehive_top.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bell_bottom.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bell_side.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bell_top.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\border.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bubble_column_down_top_a.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bubble_column_down_top_b.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bubble_column_down_top_c.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bubble_column_down_top_d.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bubble_column_inner_a.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bubble_column_inner_b.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bubble_column_outer_a.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bubble_column_outer_b.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bubble_column_outer_c.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bubble_column_outer_d.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bubble_column_outer_e.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bubble_column_outer_f.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bubble_column_outer_g.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bubble_column_outer_h.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bubble_column_up_top_a.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bubble_column_up_top_b.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bubble_column_up_top_c.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\bubble_column_up_top_d.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\build_allow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\build_deny.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\cactus_bottom.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\cactus_side.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\cactus_top.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\camera_back.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\camera_front.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\camera_side.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\camera_top.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\carried_waterlily.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\carrots_stage_3.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\cartography_table_side1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\cartography_table_side2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\cartography_table_side3.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\cartography_table_top.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\cauldron_water.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\cauldron_water_placeholder.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\cave_vines_body.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\cave_vines_body_berries.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\chain1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\chain2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\chain_command_block_back_mipmap.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\chain_command_block_conditional_mipmap.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\chain_command_block_front_mipmap.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\chain_command_block_side_mipmap.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\chest_front.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\chest_side.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\chest_top.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\cocoa_stage_0.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\cocoa_stage_1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\command_block.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\command_block_back_mipmap.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\command_block_conditional_mipmap.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\command_block_front_mipmap.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\command_block_side_mipmap.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\comparator_on.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\compost.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\compost_ready.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\composter_top.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\conduit_base.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\conduit_closed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\conduit_open.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\conduit_wind_horizontal.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\conduit_wind_vertical.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\coral_purple.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\coral_red.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\door_iron_upper.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\door_wood_upper.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\double_plant_fern_carried.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\double_plant_fern_top.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\double_plant_grass_bottom.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\double_plant_grass_carried.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\double_plant_grass_top.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\double_plant_syringa_bottom.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\double_plant_syringa_top.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\dried_kelp_side_b.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\end_gateway.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\end_portal.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\ender_chest_front.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\ender_chest_side.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\ender_chest_top.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\fern.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\fern_carried.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\fire_0_placeholder.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\fire_1_placeholder.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\flower_paeonia.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\flower_rose_blue.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\glass_blue.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\glass_pane_top.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\glass_pane_top_black.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\glass_pane_top_blue.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\glass_pane_top_brown.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\glass_pane_top_cyan.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\glass_pane_top_gray.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\glass_pane_top_green.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\glass_pane_top_light_blue.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\glass_pane_top_lime.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\glass_pane_top_magenta.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\glass_pane_top_orange.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\glass_pane_top_pink.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\glass_pane_top_purple.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\glass_pane_top_red.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\glass_pane_top_silver.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\glass_pane_top_white.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\glass_pane_top_yellow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\glass_red.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\glowing_obsidian.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\grass_carried.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\grass_path_side.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\grass_side.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\grass_side_snowed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\grass_side_snowed.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\grindstone_pivot.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\grindstone_round.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\grindstone_side.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\kelp_a.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\kelp_b.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\kelp_c.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\kelp_d.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\kelp_top.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\kelp_top_bulb.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\lava_placeholder.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\leaves_acacia.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\leaves_acacia_carried.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\leaves_acacia_opaque.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\leaves_big_oak.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\leaves_big_oak_carried.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\leaves_big_oak_opaque.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\leaves_birch.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\leaves_birch_carried.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\leaves_birch_opaque.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\leaves_jungle.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\leaves_jungle_carried.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\leaves_jungle_opaque.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\leaves_oak.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\leaves_oak_carried.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\leaves_oak_opaque.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\leaves_spruce.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\leaves_spruce_carried.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\leaves_spruce_opaque.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\lectern_base.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\log_big_oak_top.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\loom_top.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\missing_tile.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\nether_wart_block.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\observer_back_lit.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\planks_spruce.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\portal_placeholder.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\potted_azalea_bush_side.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\potted_flowering_azalea_bush_side.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\pumpkin_stem_disconnected.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\pumpkin_top.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\reactor_core_stage_0.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\reactor_core_stage_1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\reactor_core_stage_2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\redstone_dust_cross.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\redstone_dust_line.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\reeds.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\repeating_command_block_back_mipmap.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\repeating_command_block_conditional_mipmap.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\repeating_command_block_front_mipmap.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\repeating_command_block_side_mipmap.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\scaffolding_bottom.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\scaffolding_side.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\scaffolding_top.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\seagrass_carried.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\seagrass_doubletall_bottom_a.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\seagrass_doubletall_bottom_b.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\seagrass_doubletall_top_a.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\seagrass_doubletall_top_b.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\soul_fire_1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\stonecutter2_saw.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\stonecutter_bottom.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\stonecutter_other_side.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\stonecutter_side.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\stonecutter_top.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\stripped_dark_oak_log.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\stripped_spruce_log.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\structure_air.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\structure_block_export.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\structure_void.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\tallgrass.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\tallgrass.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\tallgrass_carried.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\trapped_chest_front.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\trip_wire.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\vine_carried.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\water_flow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\water_flow_grey.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\water_placeholder.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\water_still.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\water_still_grey.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\weeping_vines_base.png
UNKNOWN | textures\blocks\weeping_vines_bottom.png
UNKNOWN | textures\colormap\birch.png
UNKNOWN | textures\colormap\evergreen.png
UNKNOWN | textures\colormap\grass.png
UNKNOWN | textures\colormap\swamp_foliage.png
UNKNOWN | textures\colormap\swamp_grass.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\agent.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\armor_stand.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\arrows.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\axolotl\axolotl_wild.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_base.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_border.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_bricks.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_circle.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_creeper.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_cross.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_curly_border.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_diagonal_left.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_diagonal_right.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_diagonal_up_left.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_diagonal_up_right.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_flower.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_gradient.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_gradient_up.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_half_horizontal.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_half_horizontal_bottom.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_half_vertical.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_half_vertical_right.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_illager.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_mojang.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_pattern_illager.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_rhombus.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_skull.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_small_stripes.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_square_bottom_left.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_square_bottom_right.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_square_top_left.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_square_top_right.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_straight_cross.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_stripe_bottom.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_stripe_center.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_stripe_downleft.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_stripe_downright.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_stripe_left.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_stripe_middle.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_stripe_right.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_stripe_top.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_triangle_bottom.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_triangle_top.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_triangles_bottom.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\banner\banner_triangles_top.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\bed\black.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\bed\blue.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\bed\brown.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\bed\cyan.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\bed\gray.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\bed\green.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\bed\light_blue.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\bed\lime.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\bed\magenta.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\bed\orange.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\bed\pink.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\bed\purple.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\bed\red.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\bed\silver.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\bed\white.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\bed\yellow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\blaze.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\camera_tripod.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\cape_invisible.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\cat\allblackcat_tame.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\cat\blackcat.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\cat\britishshorthair_tame.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\cat\calico_tame.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\cat\graytabby_tame.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\cat\jellie_tame.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\cat\ocelot_tame.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\cat\persian_tame.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\cat\ragdoll_tame.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\cat\redtabby.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\cat\redtabby_tame.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\cat\siamese.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\cat\siamesecat.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\cat\siamesecat_tame.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\cat\tabby.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\cat\tabby_tame.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\cat\tuxedo.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\cat\tuxedo_tame.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\cat\white.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\cat\white_tame.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\char.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\chest\double_normal.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\chest\ender.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\chest\normal.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\chest\trapped.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\chest\trapped_double.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\dolphin.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\dragon\dragon.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\dragon\dragon_exploding.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\dummy.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\enchanting_table_book_shadow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\enderman\enderman.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\fireworks.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\fish\clownfish.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\fish\cod.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\fish\fish.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\fish\salmon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\fish\tropical_a.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\fish\tropical_a_pattern_1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\fish\tropical_a_pattern_2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\fish\tropical_a_pattern_3.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\fish\tropical_a_pattern_4.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\fish\tropical_a_pattern_5.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\fish\tropical_a_pattern_6.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\fish\tropical_b.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\fish\tropical_b_pattern_1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\fish\tropical_b_pattern_2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\fish\tropical_b_pattern_3.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\fish\tropical_b_pattern_4.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\fish\tropical_b_pattern_5.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\fish\tropical_b_pattern_6.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\fishhook.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\fox\arctic_fox.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\fox\fox.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\ghast\ghast_shooting.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\glow_squid\glow_squid.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\hoglin\hoglin.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\horse2\armor\horse_armor_leather.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\horse2\armor\horse_armor_none.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\horse2\horse_markings_none.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\horse\armor\horse_armor_diamond.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\horse\armor\horse_armor_gold.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\horse\armor\horse_armor_iron.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\horse\armor\horse_armor_leather.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\horse\donkey.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\horse\horse_black.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\horse\horse_brown.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\horse\horse_chestnut.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\horse\horse_creamy.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\horse\horse_darkbrown.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\horse\horse_gray.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\horse\horse_markings_blackdots.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\horse\horse_markings_white.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\horse\horse_markings_whitedots.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\horse\horse_markings_whitefield.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\horse\horse_skeleton.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\horse\horse_white.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\horse\horse_zombie.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\horse\mule.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\illager\evoker.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\lead_knot.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\lead_rope.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\llama\decor\decor_none.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\llama\decor\decor_purple.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\llama\decor\decor_red.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\llama\llama_creamy.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\loyalty_rope.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\minecart.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\npc\npc_1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\npc\npc_10.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\npc\npc_2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\npc\npc_3.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\npc\npc_4.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\npc\npc_5.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\npc\npc_6.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\npc\npc_7.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\npc\npc_8.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\npc\npc_9.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\npc\npc_scientist_1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\npc\npc_scientist_10.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\npc\npc_scientist_2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\npc\npc_scientist_3.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\npc\npc_scientist_4.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\npc\npc_scientist_5.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\npc\npc_scientist_6.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\npc\npc_scientist_7.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\npc\npc_scientist_8.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\npc\npc_scientist_9.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\parrot\parrot_blue.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\parrot\parrot_green.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\parrot\parrot_grey.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\parrot\parrot_red_blue.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\parrot\parrot_yellow_blue.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\phantom.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\pig\pig_saddle.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\pig\pigzombie.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\pillager.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\pistonarm\pistonArm.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\pistonarm\pistonArmSticky.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\sea_turtle.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\sheep\sheep.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\shield.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\shulker\shulker_purple.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\skulls\creeper.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\skulls\skeleton.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\skulls\wither_skeleton.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\skulls\zombie.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\slime\magmacube.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\spider\cave_spider.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\spider\spider.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\spyglass.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\strider\strider.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\strider\strider_saddled.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\strider\strider_suffocated.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\strider\strider_suffocated_saddled.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\trident.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\trident_riptide.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager2\biomes\biome_desert.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager2\biomes\biome_jungle.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager2\biomes\biome_plains.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager2\biomes\biome_savanna.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager2\biomes\biome_snow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager2\biomes\biome_swamp.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager2\biomes\biome_taiga.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager2\levels\level_iron.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager2\professions\armorer.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager2\professions\butcher.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager2\professions\cartographer.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager2\professions\cleric.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager2\professions\farmer.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager2\professions\fisherman.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager2\professions\fletcher.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager2\professions\leatherworker.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager2\professions\librarian.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager2\professions\nitwit.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager2\professions\shepherd.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager2\professions\stonemason.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager2\professions\toolsmith.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager2\professions\unskilled.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager2\professions\weaponsmith.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager\butcher.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager\farmer.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager\librarian.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager\priest.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager\smith.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\villager\villager.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\vindicator.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\witch.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\wither_boss\wither.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\wither_boss\wither_armor_blue.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\wolf\wolf_tame.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\zoglin\zoglin.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\zombie\drowned.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\zombie\husk.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\zombie\zombie.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\zombie_villager2\biomes\biome-snow-zombie.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\zombie_villager2\biomes\biome-swamp-zombie.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\zombie_villager2\biomes\biome-taiga-zombie.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\zombie_villager2\professions\armorer.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\zombie_villager2\professions\butcher.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\zombie_villager2\professions\cartographer.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\zombie_villager2\professions\cleric.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\zombie_villager2\professions\farmer.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\zombie_villager2\professions\fisherman.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\zombie_villager2\professions\fletcher.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\zombie_villager2\professions\leatherworker.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\zombie_villager2\professions\librarian.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\zombie_villager2\professions\nitwit.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\zombie_villager2\professions\shepherd.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\zombie_villager2\professions\stonemason.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\zombie_villager2\professions\toolsmith.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\zombie_villager2\professions\weaponsmith.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\zombie_villager\zombie_butcher.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\zombie_villager\zombie_farmer.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\zombie_villager\zombie_librarian.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\zombie_villager\zombie_priest.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\zombie_villager\zombie_smith.png
UNKNOWN | textures\entity\zombie_villager\zombie_villager.png
UNKNOWN | textures\environment\end_portal_colors.png
UNKNOWN | textures\environment\end_sky.png
UNKNOWN | textures\environment\weather.png
UNKNOWN | textures\flame_atlas.png
UNKNOWN | textures\forcefield_atlas.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\achievements\fillalpha.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\achievements\g.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\achievements\hotdogempty.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\achievements\hotdogfull.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\achievements\lock.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\achievements\mainbanners.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\achievements\nub.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\achievements\placeholder.jpg
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\achievements\scrollhandle.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\achievements\scrollrail.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\enchanting_table.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\gui.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\gui2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\icons.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\Bundle\PaintBrush.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\ButtonWithBorder.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\ButtonWithBorderHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\ButtonWithBorderPressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\ButtonWithBorderPressedNoHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\DarkButtonNoStroke.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\DarkButtonStroke.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\DarkButtonThin.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\Dot1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\Dot2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\Dot3.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\DownArrow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\EventBars.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\Friends.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\GreenBG.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\Indent.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\Language16.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\Language18.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\LeftArrow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\LeftTabFront.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\Local.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\MainBanners.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\MiddleTabFront.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\Propeller2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\Realms.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\RealmsArt.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\RightArrow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\RightTabFront.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\ScrollGutter.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\TabBack.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\TabBackInGame.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\TabBackInGameLeftMost.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\TabFront.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\TabFrontInGame.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\TabFrontInGameLeftMost.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\TopBar.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\UpArrow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\WhiteBorder.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\Wrenches2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\X.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\XHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\XPress.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\anvil-arrow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\anvil-crossout.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\anvil-hammer.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\arrowLeft.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\arrow_large.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\auto_save.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttonNew.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\border\base.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\border\basePress.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\border\hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\border\hoverPress.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\borderless\dark.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\borderless\darkhover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\borderless\darkpressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\borderless\darkpressednohover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\borderless\imagelesshoverbg.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\borderless\light.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\borderless\lighthover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\borderless\lightpressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\borderless\lightpressednohover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\checkbox\Check.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\checkbox\checkboxFilled.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\checkbox\checkboxFilledWhiteBorder.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\checkbox\checkboxFilledYellow_WhiteBorder.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\checkbox\checkboxFilled_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\checkbox\checkboxUnFilled_WhiteBorder.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\checkbox\checkboxUnFilled_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\checkbox\checkbox_checked.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\checkbox\checkbox_checked_WhiteBorder.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\checkbox\checkbox_checked_WhiteBorder_disabled.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\checkbox\checkbox_checked_disabled.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\checkbox\checkbox_checked_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\checkbox\checkbox_filled.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\checkbox\checkbox_filled_WhiteBorder.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\checkbox\checkbox_filled_WhiteBorder_disabled.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\checkbox\checkbox_unchecked.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\checkbox\checkbox_unchecked_WhiteBorder.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\checkbox\checkbox_unchecked_WhiteBorder_disabled.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\checkbox\checkbox_unchecked_disabled.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\checkbox\checkbox_unchecked_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\new_checkbox\check.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\new_checkbox\checkDisabled.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\new_checkbox\checkHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\new_checkbox\space.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\new_checkbox\spaceDisabled.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\buttons\new_checkbox\spaceHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\check1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\check2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\clouds.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\dialog-background-atlas.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\double_side_transparent.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\focusBorder.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\mc_store_realms_10player.jpg
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\mc_store_realms_2player.jpg
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\mob_effects\bad_omen_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\mob_effects\blindness_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\mob_effects\fire_resistance_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\mob_effects\haste_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\mob_effects\hunger_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\mob_effects\invisibility_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\mob_effects\jump_boost_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\mob_effects\levitation_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\mob_effects\mining_fatigue_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\mob_effects\nausea_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\mob_effects\night_vision_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\mob_effects\poison_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\mob_effects\regeneration_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\mob_effects\resistance_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\mob_effects\slowness_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\mob_effects\speed_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\mob_effects\strength_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\mob_effects\water_breathing_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\mob_effects\weakness_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\mob_effects\wither_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\offlineLight.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\play_screen\DarkButtonThinStroke1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\play_screen\HoverButtonThinNewBevel.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\play_screen\HoverButtonThinNewBevel2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\play_screen\HoverButtonThinNewBevel3.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\play_screen\HoverButtonThinNewBevel4.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\play_screen\HoverButtonThinStroke.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\play_screen\Indent2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\play_screen\LeftTabFront.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\play_screen\MiddleTabFront.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\play_screen\NormalButtonThinNewBevel.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\play_screen\PressedButtonThinStroke.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\play_screen\RightTabFront.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\play_screen\TabBackDarker.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\play_screen\TabFront.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\portfolio\grey_button_default.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\portfolio\grey_button_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\portfolio\grey_button_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\realms_toggle_off.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\realms_toggle_on.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\settings\glyph_atlas.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\settings\glyph_color_atlas.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\settings\radio_checked.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\settings\radio_checked_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\settings\radio_off.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\settings\radio_off_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\share.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\trash.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\undo.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\viewCollapsed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\viewExpanded.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\newgui\yellowStrikethru.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\spritesheet.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\spritesheet2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\touchgui.png
UNKNOWN | textures\gui\touchgui2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\bed_black.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\bed_blue.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\bed_brown.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\bed_cyan.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\bed_gray.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\bed_green.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\bed_light_blue.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\bed_lime.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\bed_magenta.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\bed_orange.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\bed_pink.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\bed_purple.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\bed_red.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\bed_silver.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\bed_white.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\bed_yellow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\boat.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\book_portfolio.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\campfire.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\chalkboard_large.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\chalkboard_medium.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\chalkboard_small.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\compass_atlas.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\door_acacia.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\door_birch.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\door_dark_oak.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\door_iron.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\door_jungle.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\door_spruce.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\door_wood.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\dragon_fireball.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_agent.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_bat.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_bee.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_blaze.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_cat.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_cave_spider.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_chicken.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_clownfish.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_cod.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_cow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_creeper.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_dolphin.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_donkey.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_drowned.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_elderguardian.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_enderman.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_endermite.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_evoker.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_fish.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_fox.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_ghast.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_glow_squid.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_guardian.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_horse.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_husk.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_lava_slime.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_llama.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_mask.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_mule.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_mushroomcow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_npc.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_null.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_ocelot.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_panda.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_parrot.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_phantom.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_pig.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_pigzombie.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_pillager.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_polarbear.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_pufferfish.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_rabbit.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_ravager.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_salmon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_sheep.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_shulker.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_silverfish.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_skeleton.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_skeletonhorse.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_slime.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_spider.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_squid.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_stray.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_turtle.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_vex.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_villager.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_vindicator.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_wanderingtrader.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_witch.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_wither.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_wolf.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_zombie.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_zombiehorse.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\egg_zombievillager.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\fireworks_charge.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\items\glow_item_frame.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\hanging_roots.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\hoglin_meat_cooked.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\hoglin_meat_raw.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\honeycomb.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\iron_horse_armor.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\item_frame.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\leather_boots.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\items\leather_helmet.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\items\leather_horse_armor.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\items\leather_leggings.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\items\lever.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\light_block_0.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\light_block_1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\light_block_10.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\light_block_11.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\light_block_12.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\light_block_13.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\light_block_14.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\light_block_15.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\light_block_2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\light_block_3.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\light_block_4.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\light_block_5.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\light_block_6.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\light_block_7.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\light_block_8.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\light_block_9.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\lodestonecompass_atlas.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\lodestonecompass_item.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\map_filled.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\map_locked.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\map_mansion.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\map_monument.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\map_nautilus.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_absorption.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_blindness.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_confusion.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_damageBoost.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_digSlowdown.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_digSpeed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_drinkable.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_fireResistance.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_harm.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_heal.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_healthBoost.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_hunger.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_invisibility.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_jump.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_levitation.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_lingering.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_lingering_damageBoost.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_lingering_fireResistance.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_lingering_harm.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_lingering_heal.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_lingering_invisibility.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_lingering_jump.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_lingering_luck.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_lingering_moveSlowdown.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_lingering_moveSpeed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_lingering_nightVision.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_lingering_poison.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_lingering_regeneration.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_lingering_slowFall.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_lingering_turtleMaster.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_lingering_waterBreathing.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_lingering_weakness.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_lingering_wither.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_moveSlowdown.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_moveSpeed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_nightVision.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_poison.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_regeneration.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_resistance.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_saturation.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_slowFall.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_splash.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_splash_absorption.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_splash_blindness.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_splash_confusion.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_splash_damageBoost.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_splash_digSlowdown.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_splash_digSpeed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_splash_fireResistance.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_splash_harm.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_splash_heal.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_splash_healthBoost.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_splash_hunger.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_splash_invisibility.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_splash_jump.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_splash_levitation.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_splash_moveSlowdown.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_splash_moveSpeed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_splash_nightVision.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_splash_poison.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_splash_regeneration.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_splash_resistance.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_splash_saturation.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_splash_slowFall.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_splash_turtleMaster.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_splash_waterBreathing.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_splash_weakness.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_splash_wither.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_turtleMaster.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_waterBreathing.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_weakness.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_bottle_wither.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\potion_overlay.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\quiver.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\ruby.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\seeds_beetroot.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\seeds_melon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\sign.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\sign_acacia.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\sign_birch.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\sign_crimson.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\sign_darkoak.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\sign_jungle.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\sign_spruce.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\sign_warped.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\soul_campfire.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\spawn_egg.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\tipped_arrow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\tipped_arrow_fireres.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\tipped_arrow_harm.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\tipped_arrow_healing.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\tipped_arrow_invisibility.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\tipped_arrow_leaping.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\tipped_arrow_luck.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\tipped_arrow_nightvision.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\tipped_arrow_poison.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\tipped_arrow_regen.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\tipped_arrow_slow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\tipped_arrow_slowfalling.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\tipped_arrow_strength.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\tipped_arrow_swift.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\tipped_arrow_turtlemaster.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\tipped_arrow_waterbreathing.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\tipped_arrow_weakness.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\tipped_arrow_wither.png
UNKNOWN | textures\items\watch_atlas.png
UNKNOWN | textures\map\map_icons.png
UNKNOWN | textures\misc\enchanted_item_glint.png
UNKNOWN | textures\misc\missing_texture.png
UNKNOWN | textures\models\armor\cloth_1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\models\armor\cloth_2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\models\armor\diamond_1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\models\armor\diamond_2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\models\armor\gold_1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\models\armor\gold_2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\models\armor\leather_1.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\models\armor\leather_2.tga
UNKNOWN | textures\painting\kz.png
UNKNOWN | textures\particle\campfire_smoke.png
UNKNOWN | textures\particle\particles.png
UNKNOWN | textures\particle\soul.png
UNKNOWN | textures\persona_thumbnails\alex_hair_thumbnail_0.png
UNKNOWN | textures\persona_thumbnails\alex_pants_thumbnail_0.png
UNKNOWN | textures\persona_thumbnails\alex_shirt_thumbnail_0.png
UNKNOWN | textures\persona_thumbnails\alex_shoes_thumbnail_0.png
UNKNOWN | textures\persona_thumbnails\plain_eyes_thumbnail_0.png
UNKNOWN | textures\persona_thumbnails\plain_mouth_thumbnail_0.png
UNKNOWN | textures\persona_thumbnails\skin_alex_thumbnail_0.png
UNKNOWN | textures\persona_thumbnails\skin_steve_thumbnail_0.png
UNKNOWN | textures\persona_thumbnails\steve_hair_thumbnail_0.png
UNKNOWN | textures\persona_thumbnails\steve_pants_thumbnail_0.png
UNKNOWN | textures\persona_thumbnails\steve_shirt_thumbnail_0.png
UNKNOWN | textures\persona_thumbnails\steve_shoes_thumbnail_0.png
UNKNOWN | textures\persona_thumbnails\straight_thumbnail_0.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\5stars_empty.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\5stars_empty_new.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\5stars_empty_white.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\5stars_full.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\5stars_full_new.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\Banners.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\BannersLight.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\BannersTransparent.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\Black.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\Caution.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ChainSquare.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\CheevList.jpg
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\CreateNewWorld.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\DarkBannerNoBorder.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ErrorGlyph.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ErrorGlyph_small.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ErrorGlyph_small_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\Feedback.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\Friend1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\Friend2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\FriendsDiversity.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\FriendsIcon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\Gray.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\Grey.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\HowToPlayDivider.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ImpulseSquare.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\InvalidWorldDemoScreen.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\LoadingWorldDemoScreen.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\Local.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\MCoin.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\MainBannersHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\MashupIcon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\NetherPortal.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\NetherPortalMirror.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\New_confirm_Hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\NormalButtonNoStroke.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\NormalButtonStroke.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\NormalButtonThin.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\NormalButtonThinStroke.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\Ping_Green.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\Ping_Green_Dark.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\Ping_Offline_Red.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\Ping_Offline_Red_Dark.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\Ping_Red.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\Ping_Red_Dark.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\Ping_Yellow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\Ping_Yellow_Dark.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\PlaceholderStore.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\RTX_Label.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\RTX_Sparkle.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\RealmDemoScreen.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\RepeatSquare.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\Rotate.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\Scaffolding.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ScrollBox.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ScrollGutterWithBG.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ScrollHandle.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ScrollRail.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\StoreTopBar.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\StoreTopBarFiller.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabLeftBack.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabLeftBackBottomMost.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabLeftBackBottomMostHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabLeftBackHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabLeftBackTopMost.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabLeftBackTopMostHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabLeftFront.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabLeftFrontBottomMost.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabLeftFrontBottomMostHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabLeftFrontHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabLeftFrontTopMost.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabLeftFrontTopMostHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabRightBack.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabRightBackBottomMost.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabRightBackBottomMostHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabRightBackHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabRightBackTopMost.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabRightBackTopMostHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabRightFront.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabRightFrontBottomMost.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabRightFrontBottomMostHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabRightFrontHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabRightFrontTopMost.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabRightFrontTopMostHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabTopBack.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabTopBackHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabTopBackLeftMost.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabTopBackLeftMostHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabTopBackRightMost.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabTopBackRightMostDark.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabTopBackRightMostDarkHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabTopBackRightMostHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabTopFront.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabTopFrontHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabTopFrontLeftMost.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabTopFrontLeftMostHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabTopFrontRightMost.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\TabTopFrontRightMostHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ThinPlus.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\UpdateGlyph.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\UpdateGlyph_small.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\WarningGlyph.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\WarningGlyph_small.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\WarningGlyph_small_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\World.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\WorldDemoScreen.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\WorldDemoScreen_Big.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\WorldDemoScreen_Big_Grayscale.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\Wrenches1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\XTab.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\absorption_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\absorption_heart.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\absorption_heart_half.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\accessibility_glyph.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\accessibility_glyph_color.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\achievement_locked_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\achievements.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\achievements_dialog.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\achievements_g.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\achievements_placeholder.jpg
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\addServer.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\anvil-plus.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\anvil_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\armor_empty.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\armor_full.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\armor_half.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\arrow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\arrowDown.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\arrowLeft.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\arrowRight.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\arrow_active.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\arrow_dark_left_stretch.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\arrow_dark_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\arrow_dark_right_stretch.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\arrow_down.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\arrow_down_large.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\arrow_down_small.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\arrow_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\arrow_inactive.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\arrow_l_default.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\arrow_l_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\arrow_l_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\arrow_large.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\arrow_left.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\arrow_left_white.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\arrow_r_default.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\arrow_r_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\arrow_r_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\arrow_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\arrow_right_white.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\auto_save.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\automation_glyph.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\automation_glyph_color.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\back_button_default.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\back_button_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\back_button_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\background_image.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\background_indent_no_top.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\background_panel.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\background_with_border.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\backup_noline.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\backup_outline.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\backup_replace.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\bad_omen_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\bang_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\banners_dark.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\banners_no_border.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\banners_no_border_dark_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\barely_visible_creeper.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\beacon_button_default.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\beacon_button_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\beacon_button_locked.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\beacon_button_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\beacon_default_button_pocket.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\beacon_item_seperator_pocket.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\beacon_selected_button_pocket.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\bg32.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\black-arrow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\black_border.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\blackline.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\blindness_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\bonus_banner.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_addpicture_default.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_addpicture_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_addpicture_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_addtextpage_default.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_addtextpage_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_addtextpage_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_arrowleft_default.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_arrowleft_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_arrowleft_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_arrowright_default.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_arrowright_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_arrowright_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_back.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_binding.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_cover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_edit_default.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_edit_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_edit_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_frame.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_metatag_default.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_metatag_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_metatag_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_pagecrease_left.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_pagecrease_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_pageedge_left.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_pageedge_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_shiftleft_default.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_shiftleft_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_shiftleft_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_shiftright_default.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_shiftright_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_shiftright_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_spine.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_texteditbox_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\book_trash_default.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\bookshelf_flat.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\bookshelf_flat_border.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\bottle_empty.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\box_number_grey.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\break.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\brewing_arrow_empty.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\brewing_arrow_full.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\brewing_arrow_large_empty.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\brewing_arrow_large_full.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\brewing_fuel_bar_empty.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\brewing_fuel_bar_full.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\brewing_fuel_empty.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\brewing_fuel_pipes.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\brewing_pipes.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\brewing_pipes_large.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\broadcast_glyph.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\broadcast_glyph_color.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\bubble.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\bubble_pop.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\bubbles_empty.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\bubbles_full.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\bubbles_left_corner.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\bubbles_right_corner.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\button_border_dark.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\button_border_light.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\button_borderless_dark.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\button_borderless_darkhover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\button_borderless_darkpressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\button_borderless_darkpressednohover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\button_borderless_imagelesshoverbg.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\button_borderless_light.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\button_borderless_lighthover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\button_borderless_lightpressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\button_borderless_lightpressednohover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\button_dark_color.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\button_inside_dark.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\button_purple.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\button_red.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\button_red_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\button_trade_red.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\button_trade_red_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\buy_now_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\buy_now_normal.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\buy_now_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\camera-small.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\camera-yo.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\cancel.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\cartography_table_copy.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\cartography_table_empty.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\cartography_table_glass.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\cartography_table_map.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\cartography_table_zoom.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\cell_image.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\cell_image_darkgrey.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\cell_image_invert.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\cell_image_lock.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\cell_image_normal.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\cell_image_red.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\chat_down_arrow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\chat_keyboard.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\chat_send.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\check.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\check_green_white.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\checkboxFilledYellow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\checkboxUnFilled.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\checkbox_check.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\checkbox_checkDisabled.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\checkbox_checkHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\checkbox_check_locked.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\checkbox_filled.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\checkbox_filled_disabled.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\checkbox_filled_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\checkbox_space.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\checkbox_spaceDisabled.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\checkbox_spaceHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\checkbox_space_locked.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\chevron_grey_left.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\chevron_grey_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\chevron_left.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\chevron_new_grey_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\chevron_new_white_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\chevron_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\chevron_white_down.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\chevron_white_up.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\classic-button-hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\classic-button-pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\classic-button.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\classrooms_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\clickable_overlay.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\clickable_overlay_inverse.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\clock.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\close_button_default.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\close_button_default_compact.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\close_button_default_light.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\close_button_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\close_button_hover_compact.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\close_button_hover_light.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\close_button_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\close_button_pressed_compact.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\close_button_pressed_light.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\cloud_only_storage.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\coin_button_borderless.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\coin_button_borderless_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\color_picker.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\color_plus.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\comment.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\common-classic_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\common-classic_hover_1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\common-classic_toggle_checked_state.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\common-classic_toggle_unchecked_state.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\conduit_power_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\confirm.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\control.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\control_white.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\controller_glyph.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\controller_glyph_color.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\controller_glyph_color_switch.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\controller_glyph_switch.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\copy.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\craft_toggle_off.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\craft_toggle_off_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\craft_toggle_on.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\craft_toggle_on_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\creative_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\creator_glyph.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\creator_glyph_color.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\crossout.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\cursor.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\cursor_pc.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dark.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dark_bg.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dark_minus.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dark_plus.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\debug_glyph.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\debug_glyph_color.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\default_indent.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\default_world.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\deop.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dev_glyph.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dev_glyph_color.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dialog_background_hollow_1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dialog_background_hollow_2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dialog_background_hollow_3.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dialog_background_hollow_4.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dialog_background_hollow_4_thin.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dialog_background_hollow_5.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dialog_background_hollow_6.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dialog_background_hollow_7.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dialog_background_hollow_8.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dialog_background_opaque.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dialog_background_opaque_overlap_bottom.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dialog_bubble.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dialog_bubble_point.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dialog_divider.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\disabledButton.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\disabledButtonNoBorder.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\divider.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\divider2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\divider3.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\down_arrow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\down_tip_Chevron.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\download_backup.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dressing_room_animation.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dressing_room_banner.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dressing_room_capes.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dressing_room_customization.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dressing_room_skins.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dropDownHoverBG.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dropDownSelectBG.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dropdown_background.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dropdown_chevron.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dust_selectable_1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dust_selectable_2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dust_selectable_3.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dust_unselectable_1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dust_unselectable_2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\dust_unselectable_3.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\easily_visible_creeper.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\editIcon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\edit_box_indent.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\edit_box_indent_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\effect_background.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\elipses.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\emote_empty_0.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\emote_empty_1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\emote_empty_2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\emote_empty_3.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\emote_empty_4.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\emote_empty_5.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\emote_wheel_base.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\emote_wheel_select_0.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\emote_wheel_select_1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\emote_wheel_select_2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\emote_wheel_select_3.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\emote_wheel_select_4.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\emote_wheel_select_5.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\emptyBar.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\emptyStar.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\emptyStarFocus.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\empty_armor_slot_boots.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\empty_armor_slot_chestplate.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\empty_armor_slot_helmet.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\empty_armor_slot_leggings.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\empty_armor_slot_shield.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\empty_horse_slot_armor.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\empty_horse_slot_saddle.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\empty_llama_slot_carpet.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\empty_progress_bar.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\enable_toolbox.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\enchanting_active_background.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\enchanting_active_background_with_hover_text.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\enchanting_dark_background.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\equipped_item_border.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\experience_bar_empty_blue.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\experience_bar_full_blue.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\experience_bar_full_white.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\experience_bar_nub_blue.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\experiencebarempty.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\experiencebarfull.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\experiencenub.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\feedIcon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\feed_background.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\filledBar.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\filledStar.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\filledStarFocus.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\filled_progress_bar.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\fire_resistance_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\first_of_three.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\first_of_two.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\flame_empty_image.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\flame_full_image.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\focus_border_selected.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\focus_border_white.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\free_download.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\free_download_symbol.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\freeze_heart.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\freeze_heart_flash.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\freeze_heart_flash_half.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\freeze_heart_half.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\friend1_black_outline.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\friend1_black_outline_2x.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\friend_glyph.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\friend_glyph_desaturated.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\gamepad_icon_button.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\gamepad_icon_dpad.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\gamepad_icon_left_bumper.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\gamepad_icon_left_trigger.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\gamepad_icon_right_bumper.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\gamepad_icon_right_trigger.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\gamepad_icon_thumbstick.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\gamerpic.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\gamerpic_bevel.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\gamerpic_bevel_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\gamerscore.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\gear.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\generic_bumper_left.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\generic_bumper_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\generic_dpad.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\generic_dpad_down.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\generic_dpad_left.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\generic_dpad_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\generic_dpad_up.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\generic_face_button_down.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\generic_face_button_left.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\generic_face_button_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\generic_face_button_up.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\generic_left_trigger.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\generic_right_trigger.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\generic_select_button.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\generic_start_button.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\generic_stick_left.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\generic_stick_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\generic_touchpad.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\gift_featured.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\gift_square.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\glyph_inventory.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\glyph_mashup_pack.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\glyph_realms.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\glyph_resource_pack.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\glyph_resource_pack_small.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\glyph_skin_pack.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\glyph_skin_pack_small.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\glyph_skin_world_small.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\glyph_world_template.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\green.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\greenCorner.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\greyBorder.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\grey_gamepad_icon_button.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hammer_l.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hammer_l_disabled.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hammer_r.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hammer_r_disabled.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hammersmashedits.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hangar.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\haste_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\header_bar.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\health_boost_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\heart.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\heart_background.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\heart_blink.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\heart_flash.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\heart_flash_half.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\heart_half.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\heart_new.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\highlight_slot.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hint_burst.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hint_burst_small.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hollowbanner.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\horizontal_divider.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\horizontalbreak.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\horse_heart.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\horse_heart_flash.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\horse_heart_flash_half.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\horse_heart_half.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\horse_jump_empty.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\horse_jump_full.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hotbar_0.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hotbar_1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hotbar_2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hotbar_3.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hotbar_4.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hotbar_5.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hotbar_6.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hotbar_7.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hotbar_8.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hotbar_end_cap.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hotbar_start_cap.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\how_to_play_button_default.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\how_to_play_button_default_light.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\how_to_play_button_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\how_to_play_button_hover_light.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\how_to_play_button_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\how_to_play_button_pressed_light.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hud_mob_effect_background.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hud_tip_text_background.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hunger_background.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hunger_blink.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hunger_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hunger_effect_background.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hunger_effect_flash_full.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hunger_effect_flash_half.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hunger_effect_full.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hunger_effect_half.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hunger_flash_full.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hunger_flash_half.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hunger_full.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\hunger_half.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ic_send_white_48dp.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_agent.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_alex.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_apple.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_armor.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_balloon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_best3.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_blackfriday.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_book_writable.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_bookshelf.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_cake.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_carrot.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_cookie.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_crafting.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_deals.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_expand.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_fall.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_fish_clownfish_raw.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_hangar.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_import.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_iron_pickaxe.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_llama.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_lock.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_map.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_minecoin_9x9.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_multiplayer.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_new.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_new_item.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_none.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_panda.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_potion.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_preview.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_rail_normal.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_random.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_recipe_construction.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_recipe_equipment.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_recipe_item.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_recipe_nature.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_saleribbon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_setting.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_sign.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_spring.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_staffpicks.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_steve.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_summer.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_timer.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_trailer.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_trash.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_trending.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_unlocked.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_water_bucket.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\icon_winter.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\imagetaggedcorner.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\imagetaggedcornergreen.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\imagetaggedcornergreenhover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\imagetaggedcornergreenpressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\immersive_reader.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\import.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\infobulb.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\infobulb_darkborder_small.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ingot_image.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\inventory_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\inventory_warning_xbox.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\invertedmultiselecticon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\invisibility_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\invite_base.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\invite_number_background.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\item_cell.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\item_lock_red.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\item_lock_yellow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\item_seperator.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\jump_boost_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\keyboard_and_mouse_glyph.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\keyboard_and_mouse_glyph_color.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\keyboard_tooltip_background.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\keyboard_tooltip_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\lan_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\language_glyph.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\language_glyph_color.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\lapis.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\lapis_image.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\large_fish_bevel.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\lava.jpg
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\legacy_pocket_close_button_default.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\legacy_pocket_close_button_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\legacybanner.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\levitation_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\light.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\lightgreybars.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\like_default.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\list_item_divider_line_light.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\listcheck.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\listcheck_smaller.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\listx.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\loading_bar.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\loading_spin.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\local_and_cloud_storage.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\local_only_storage.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\lock.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\lock_color.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\loom_banner_empty.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\loom_dye_empty.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\loom_pattern_item_empty.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\magnifyingGlass.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\mail_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\mainbanners.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\mainbanners_transparency.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\mashup_PaintBrush.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\mashup_hangar.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\mashup_world.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\massive_servers.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\menubackground.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\message.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\middle_strip.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\mine_chop_dig_animation.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\minimize.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\minimizeHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\minimizePress.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\mining_fatigue_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\minus.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\missing_item.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\missing_pack_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\mob_effect_background.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\more-dots.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\more_dots.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\move.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\multiplayer_glyph.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\multiplayer_glyph_color.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\multiselection.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\mute_off.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\mute_on.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\nausea_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\newOffersIcon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\newTouchScrollBox.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\new_offer_symbol.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\night_vision_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\normalArm.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\normalHeight.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\normal_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\normal_normal.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\normal_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\normal_stroke_button.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\not_visible_creeper.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\numberBGBack.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\numberBGFront.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\offline.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\online.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\onlineLight.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\op.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\packs_border.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\packs_middle.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\panel_outline.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\panorama_0.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\panorama_1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\panorama_2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\panorama_3.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\panorama_4.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\panorama_5.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\panorama_overlay.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\particles.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\particles2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\particles3.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\pause_screen_border.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\pencil_edit_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\permissions_custom_dots.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\permissions_custom_dots_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\permissions_member_star.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\permissions_member_star_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\permissions_op_crown.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\permissions_op_crown_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\permissions_player_fade_overlay.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\permissions_visitor_hand.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\permissions_visitor_hand_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\photo_corner_bl.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\photo_corner_br.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\photo_corner_tl.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\photo_corner_tr.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\pink_button_borderless_default.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\pink_button_borderless_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\pink_button_borderless_hover_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\pink_button_borderless_lighthoverflag.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\pink_button_borderless_lightpressedflag.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\pink_button_borderless_no_hover_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\pinksquare.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\pinktriangle.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\player_offline_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\player_online_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\player_preview_border.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\plus.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\pocket_button_default.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\pocket_button_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\pocket_button_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\pocket_tab_left_side.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\pocket_tab_right_side.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\pocket_ui_highlight_selected_slot.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\pocket_ui_highlight_slot.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\pointer.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\poison_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\poison_heart.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\poison_heart_flash.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\poison_heart_flash_half.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\poison_heart_half.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\portalBg.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\postGradientSolid.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\profile_bg.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\profile_glyph.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\profile_glyph_color.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\profile_new_look.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\profile_new_look_small.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\progress_bar_simple.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\promo_background.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\promo_bee.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\promo_chicken.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\promo_corner_left.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\promo_corner_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\promo_creeper.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\promo_gift_big.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\promo_gift_small_blue.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\promo_gift_small_green.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\promo_gift_small_pink.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\promo_gift_small_yellow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\promo_holiday_gift_long.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\promo_holiday_gift_small.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\promo_pig_sheep.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\promo_spider.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\promo_wolf.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\promotion_slot.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ps4_bumper_left.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ps4_bumper_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ps4_dpad_down.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ps4_dpad_left.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ps4_dpad_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ps4_dpad_up.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ps4_face_button_down.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ps4_face_button_left.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ps4_face_button_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ps4_face_button_up.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ps4_left_trigger.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ps4_right_trigger.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ps4_stick_left.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ps4_stick_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ps4_touchpad.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\purple.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\purpleBorder.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\purple_gradient.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\purtle.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\pyramid_level_1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\pyramid_level_2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\pyramid_level_3.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\pyramid_level_4.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\radio_checked.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\radio_checked_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\radio_off.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\radio_off_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\radio_on.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\radio_on_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\random_dice.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\rarity_common.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\rarity_common_short.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\rarity_epic.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\rarity_epic_short.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\rarity_legendary.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\rarity_legendary_short.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\rarity_rare.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\rarity_rare_short.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\rarity_uncommon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\rarity_uncommon_short.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\rating_screen.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ratings_fullstar.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ratings_nostar.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\realmPortalSmall.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\realm_banner_big.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\realm_banner_small.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\realm_icon_small.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\realmflagSmooth.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\realmflagtriangleSmooth.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\realmsContent.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\realmsContentHover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\realmsContentPressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\realmsIcon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\realms_art_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\realms_chevron_play.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\realms_green_check.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\realms_key_art.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\realms_particles.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\realms_plus_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\realms_plus_normal.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\realms_red_x.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\realms_slot_check.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\realms_text_background.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\realmsparkle.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\realmsparkle1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recap_glyph_2x.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recap_glyph_color_2x.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recap_glyph_desaturated.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recipe_back_panel.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recipe_book_button_borderless_light.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recipe_book_button_borderless_lighthover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recipe_book_button_borderless_lightpressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recipe_book_button_borderless_lightpressednohover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recipe_book_collapse_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recipe_book_dark_button.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recipe_book_dark_button_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recipe_book_expand_dots_in.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recipe_book_expand_dots_in_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recipe_book_expand_dots_out.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recipe_book_expand_dots_out_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recipe_book_expand_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recipe_book_group_bg.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recipe_book_group_collapsed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recipe_book_group_expanded.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recipe_book_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recipe_book_item_bg.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recipe_book_light_button.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recipe_book_light_button_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recipe_book_pane_bg.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recipe_book_red.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recipe_book_red_button.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recipe_book_red_button_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recipe_book_side_toggle_dark.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recipe_book_side_toggle_dark_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\recipe_book_touch_cell_selected.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\redX1.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\red_slash.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\refresh.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\refresh_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\refresh_light.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\regeneration_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\resistance_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ribbon_bar_text_background_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sale_button_borderless_lighthover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sale_button_borderless_lighthoverflag.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sale_button_borderless_lightpressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sale_button_borderless_lightpressedflag.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\saleflag.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\saleflagtriangle.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\saleflagtrianglebeveldefault.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\saleflagtrianglebeveldefault_large.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\saleflagtrianglebevelpress.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\saleflagtrianglebevelpress_large.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\saleribbon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\scoreboard_list_background.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\screen_realms_plus_background.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\screenshot_frame.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\second_of_three.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\second_of_two.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\seeds.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\selected_hotbar_slot.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\send_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\servers.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\settings_glyph_2x.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\settings_glyph_color_2x.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\shadow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\share_apple.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\share_google.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\share_microsoft.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\button_panel.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\capes.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\categories.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\character_creator.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\classic_skins.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\dr_body.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\dr_style.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\dressing_room_animation.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\dressing_room_capes.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\dressing_room_customization.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\dressing_room_skins.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\emotes.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\featured.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\genre.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\marketplace.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\menu_threebars.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\my_characters.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\my_content.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\owned_skins_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\profile_screen_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\realms.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\realms_plus_skins_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\side_drawer_button_hover_focused.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\side_drawer_button_selected.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\side_drawer_left_panel.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\side_panel_button_hover_focused.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\side_panel_button_selected.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\side_panel_divider.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sidebar_icons\unowned_skins_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sign.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sign_acacia.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sign_birch.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sign_crimson.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sign_darkoak.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sign_jungle.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sign_spruce.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sign_warped.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\slider_background.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\slider_background_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\slider_border.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\slider_button_default.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\slider_button_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\slider_button_indent.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\slider_button_locked.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\slider_locked_transparent_fade.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\slider_progress.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\slider_progress_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\slider_step_background.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\slider_step_background_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\slider_step_progress.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\slider_step_progress_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\slot_sale.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\slots_bg.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\slowness_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\smallHeight.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\small_fish_bevel.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\smallerHeight.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\smithing-table-plus.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\smithing_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\snowy.jpg
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\solidtransparency.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sound_glyph.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sound_glyph_2x.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sound_glyph_color.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sound_glyph_color_2x.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\speed_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\spyglass_flat.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\square_image_border_white.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\storageIcon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\storageIconColor.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\store_background.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\store_banner_no_border.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\store_filter_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\store_home_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\store_play_button.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\store_play_button_mask.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\store_sort_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\storexblsignin.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\strength_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\strikethru.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\structure_block.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\structure_block_corner.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\structure_block_data.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\structure_block_export.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\structure_block_load.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\structure_block_save.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\subcategory_icons\arms.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\subcategory_icons\back_accessory.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\subcategory_icons\body_size.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\subcategory_icons\bottoms.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\subcategory_icons\capes.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\subcategory_icons\emotes.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\subcategory_icons\eyes.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\subcategory_icons\face_accessory.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\subcategory_icons\facial_hair.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\subcategory_icons\feet.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\subcategory_icons\hair.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\subcategory_icons\hands.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\subcategory_icons\head.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\subcategory_icons\legs.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\subcategory_icons\mouth.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\subcategory_icons\outerwear.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\subcategory_icons\skin_texture.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\subcategory_icons\tops.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\subscription_glyph.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\subscription_glyph_color.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sunset_keyart.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sunset_pending_keyart.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\switch_accounts.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\switch_bumper_left.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\switch_bumper_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\switch_circle_button.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\switch_dpad_down.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\switch_dpad_left.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\switch_dpad_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\switch_dpad_up.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\switch_face_button_down.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\switch_face_button_left.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\switch_face_button_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\switch_face_button_up.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\switch_home_button.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\switch_left_trigger.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\switch_right_trigger.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\switch_select_button.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\switch_sl_button.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\switch_sr_button.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\switch_start_button.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\switch_stick_left.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\switch_stick_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\switch_touchpad.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\sword.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\tallHeight.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\teams_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\text_color_paintbrush.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\text_color_paintbrush_overlay.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\text_edit_base.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\text_edit_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\text_label_box.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\thinArm.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\thin_dialog.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\third_of_three.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\time_1sunrise.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\time_2day.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\time_3noon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\time_4sunset.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\time_5night.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\time_6midnight.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\timer.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\tip_Chevron.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\tip_arrows_left.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\tip_arrows_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\tip_panel.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\title.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\tnt_animated.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\toggle_off.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\toggle_off_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\toggle_on.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\toggle_on_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\toolbar_background.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\tooltip_default_background.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\tooltip_default_chevron.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\tooltip_default_chevron_rotated.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\tooltip_inverted_chevron.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\tooltip_notification_default_background.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\topbar_off_left.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\topbar_off_middle.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\topbar_off_point.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\topbar_off_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\topbar_on_left.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\topbar_on_middle.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\topbar_on_point.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\topbar_on_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\touchScrollBox.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\touch_glyph.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\touch_glyph_color.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\trade_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\train.jpg
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\trash.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\trash_default.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\trash_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\trash_light.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\trash_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\trophy.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\trophy_banner_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ui_debug_glyph.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\ui_debug_glyph_color.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\unLock.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\underline.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\underline_focus.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\undoArrow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\unsynced_bevel.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\unsynced_bevel_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\unsynced_bevel_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\unsynced_bg_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\up_arrow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\up_chevron.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\update.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\update_bevel.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\update_bevel_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\update_bevel_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\update_world_chunks.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\upload_glyph.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\user_icon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\user_icon_small.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\user_icon_white.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\vertical_divider.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\verticalgradient.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\video_glyph.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\video_glyph_2x.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\video_glyph_color.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\video_glyph_color_2x.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\village_hero_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\vr_glyph.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\vr_glyph_color.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\warning_alex.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\water_breathing_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\weakness_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\weather_clear.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\weather_rain.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\weather_thunderstorm.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\white.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\whiteArrow.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\whiteArrow2.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\white_background.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\white_pixel_chevron_down.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\white_pixel_chevron_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\whiteline.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\wither_effect.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\wither_heart.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\wither_heart_flash.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\wither_heart_flash_half.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\wither_heart_half.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\world_glyph.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\world_glyph_color.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\world_glyph_color_2x.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\world_glyph_color_2x_black_outline.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\world_glyph_desaturated.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\world_screenshot_focus_border.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\world_upgrade.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\worldsIcon.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\x_default.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\x_dropdown_default.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\x_dropdown_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\x_hover.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\x_pressed.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\xbox4.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\xbox_bumper_left.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\xbox_bumper_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\xbox_dpad.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\xbox_dpad_down.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\xbox_dpad_left.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\xbox_dpad_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\xbox_dpad_up.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\xbox_face_button_down.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\xbox_face_button_left.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\xbox_face_button_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\xbox_face_button_up.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\xbox_left_trigger.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\xbox_right_trigger.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\xbox_select_button.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\xbox_start_button.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\xbox_stick_left.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\xbox_stick_right.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\xbox_touchpad.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\xboxconversionkeyart.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\xyz_axis.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\yellowExclamation.png
UNKNOWN | textures\ui\yellow_banner.png